 13 (Bloomberg) -- Sports Direct International Plc, the UK’s largest sports retailer, bought a 46 percent stake in Debenhams Plc and said it wants to work with the department-store chain to create value for shareholders.
 auto insurer, bought Esurance in 2011 to boost online sales.
 The company also bought a 20 percent stake in Televista, a French pay-TV company specializing in the female lifestyle market.
 “Foreign investors have been adding stocks this week in anticipation of the change, and that boosted sentiment in the overall market” International investors bought a net $55 million of shares on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange yesterday, the most since Dec.
 17 that Flowers bought crystal methamphetamine and crack cocaine in Leeds, northern England.
 Investors including insurers bought 14 billion euros of German offices in 2013, the most since at least 2007, according to data compiled by BNP Paribas SA.
 Blackstone owns an 88 percent stake of Koe Galerie, which it bought from Merrill Lynch.
 Ltd, a Singapore company diversifying into property development, headed for the highest close in 10 months after it jointly bought a majority stake in Malaysia’s Sutera Harbour Group Sdn.
 GSH bought the stake with TYJ Group Pte, the investment vehicle of its executive chairman Sam Goi Seng Hui, known as the “spring roll king” “Kota Kinabalu is a rising property hotspot in Malaysia and we see robust potential for prime real estate in the city, fueled by strong tourism growth from northeast Asian countries such as Korea, Japan, Hong Kong and China,” Gilbert Ee, GSH’s chief executive officer, said in the statement yesterday.
 Basically Libya bought a bunch of three-year at-the-money call options on stocks: If the stocks went up, Libya would make a (highly levered) profit; if they went down, Libya would lose its entire investment.
 If you're inclined to stick up for Goldman here -- and, remember, I have my biases -- you might say, look, Libya wanted equity upside exposure, so it bought some calls.
 It shows a lot of confidence by management thatthis device is going to do really well” Microsoft, based in Redmond, Washington, said this weekconsumers bought more than 3 million Xbox One players in 2013.
 Potential Turns The potential for the company’s diabetes medicines turned suddenly between the time that Bristol-Myers bought Amylin and last month, when it sold its stake of the portfolio to AstraZeneca.
 Jha was CEO of Motorola Mobility Inc, which was bought by Google Inc.
 UniCredit, which leads Austria’s Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Erste Group Bank AG in the former communist part of Europe, bought a portfolio of Romanian assets from Royal Bank of Scotland Plc last year and could do more such deals if the possibility arises, Papa said in an interview yesterday at a Euromoney conference in Vienna.
 “Last year, we bought a portfolio of assets in Romania -- we were monitoring the market, we spotted the occasion, and we did it,” Papa said.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Simon Property Group Inc, the world’s largest mall owner, bought a land parcel on New York’s Long Island from rival shopping-center landlord Taubman Centers Inc, which failed to develop the property.
 “The dust has settled from several years ago” Simon also this month bought its joint-venture partners’ remaining interest in 10 properties including King of Prussia Mall in Pennsylvania.
 Fed Purchase The central bank bought $139 billion in Treasuries today due from May 2038 to February 2043 as part of the program.
 Overseas investors bought a net $281 million of domestic shares on Jan.
 Overseas funds bought a net $162 million of local shares on Jan.
 “Earlier in the week they came in short, then yesterday they had to cover those positions, and once they bought back enough today, they’re now taking profits and selling” US.
 “Management bought another year to try to turn the company around,” he said in an e-mail.
 Investors bought 52 billion pounds of super-prime homes in the UK.
 Clydesdale could be listed in an initial public offering or bought by private-equity firms, he said.
 Last year, it bought the UK’s Virgin Media Inc.
 Banesco Group, controlled by Venezuelan billionaire Juan Carlos Escotet, bought NCG Banco last month, following Colombian billionaire Jaime Gilinski’s investment in Banco Sabadell SA.
 A year ago, BlackRock bought wind farms from REG and agreed on a five-year partnership that allows it to buy more plants from the developer.
 Pillar Purchase Oracle bought San Jose, California-based Pillar in June 2011 in a deal that investors said was engineered solely to benefit Ellison.
 The new complaint focuses on customers who bought Android-powered devices on certain dates, and details a 2010 plan Google called Emerald Sea that involved eliminating barriers between distinct Google services, resulting in the sharing of user data across Google platforms, according to the filing.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Lansdowne Partners LLP, the biggest European hedge-fund firm that focuses on stock picking, bought Twitter Inc.
 Lansdowne said it bought a “modest position” in Twitter after the US.
 bought 730,000 barrels of Vityaz Blend crude from Sakhalin Energy Investment Co.
 An investor who bought today would earn about 4 percent if the forecast is correct, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Lanco is examining options including a full sale of Griffin Coal, which it bought for A$750 million ($665 million) in 2011, said two of the people, asking not to be identified as the deliberations are private.
 Companies owned by billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, as well as Russia’s OAO Uralchem, bought 47 percent of Uralkali from billionaire Suleiman Kerimov and his partners after Belarus President Aleksandr Lukashenko demanded new ownership as a condition for talks about restoring joint marketing.
 Given just a week to close a deal, Krimendahl “quickly organized a Channel Islands company for tax reasons and bought the property -- only to be criticized for not clearing it with the management committee,” Ellis wrote.
 Foreign investors bought a net 102 billion pounds of gilts in December, the central bank said.
 bought control of Sprint Corp.
 division, Suntory bought a PepsiCo Inc.
 In 2009, Saji bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor.
 bought 132 billion shares, increasing its stake to 59 percent from 52 percent, including holdings by affiliates, the bank said in a statement to the Shenzhen Stock Exchange yesterday.
 Investors including Hayward and financier Nathaniel Rothschild bought Genel, a Turkish company, in 2011 with more than $2 billion raised through an investment vehicle in an initial public offering.
 Rescue Financing In Europe, the fund bought 51 percent of Winoa Group’s senior loans to gain control of the French steel abrasives company’s equity, Zilkha said.
 bought another 5 percent from partner Santee Cooper for $500 million, increasing its overall interest to 60 percent.
 is preparing to spin off the unit that makes titanium dioxide pigment, Teflon and refrigerants after Trian Fund Management LP bought a stake last year.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Foreigners bought the most Japanese stocks ever last year while local individuals sold the largest amount on record amid the best equity rally in four decades.
 Overseas investors bought a net 151 trillion yen ($146 billion) in Japanese shares in 2013, according to data released by the Tokyo Stock Exchange today.
 Foreigners bought a net 27 trillion yen of stocks that month.
 “We have bought ourselves some time, and probably our ratings will remain for the time being,” Michael Keenan, a currency strategist at Barclays Africa Group Ltd, said by phone from Johannesburg yesterday.
 I actually think the rand is set for a more stable period this year” Overbought Currency The rand-dollar relative strength index, which measures the velocity of a currency or security’s price movement to identify overbought and oversold conditions, rose above 70 yesterday, indicating it may be poised to rebound.
 “We, inherently as it relates to the pension plan, won’t care” if yields rise once we’ve bought a bond to match a specific pension liability, Ford’s Schloss said.
 Etihad also bought a stake in the German airline’s customer-loyalty program for 1844 million euros and granted Air Berlin a loan line of $255 million for five years, which hasn’t yet been tapped.
 The fund, which bought $37 billion of power assets in two years, has total bonds and loans outstanding of 311 billion ringgit, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Chapman was scheduled to hear an update in court today on alawsuit that LightSquared brought against Ergen over how hebought debt in the company.
 The synergies of a merger would be “significant and obvious” Directors’ Shares Two David Jones directors bought shares in David Jones on Oct.
 The Fed bought $12 billion of TIPS due from February 2040 to February 2043 today as part of its monetary stimulus program.
 International investors bought a net $21 million of domestic shares on Jan.
 (Or if the board clawed back compensation from previous years, which, hahahaha3 ) On the other hand, he got no bonus and a paltry $1 million total compensation in 2008, when he bought Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual, which brought with them their own exciting collection of (eventual) fines.
 The shares needed to fulfill shareholders’ rights, as many as 21 percent of the total, will be “clawed back” from the investors who bought them in the pre-placement, Raiffeisen said.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Nestle SA, the world’s biggest foodmaker, bought a US.
 Ishigami is also president of the Philippine unit of Japan’s Marubeni Corp, which last year bought a 20 percent stake in Maynilad for $300 million to $400 million.
 Granite bought the land in 2001 for $32 million, when it had three “non-distinct buildings” with a restaurant, a pornography shop and a clothing store, CEO Harry Gross said at today’s event.
 Seeking to tap the rapid expansion of eastern airports and provide a hedge against slower growth at its existing assets, ADP bought a 38 percent stake in TAV for $874 million in 2012.
 Outstanding issues include determining whether Ziggo Chief Executive Officer Rene Obermann, a former CEO of Deutsche Telekom AG who started this month, will stay at the Dutch company if it is bought by Liberty, the people said.
 Murdoch Competition Liberty Global last year bought Virgin Media Inc, a UK.
 Tata Steel, which bought UK-based Corus Group for $129 billion in 2007, had total debts of 65174 billion rupees ($105 billion) as of Sept.
 government, said a spokesman for Michael Lynch, who headed the software maker bought by Hewlett-Packard Co.
 Zeuli said his firm sold its Time Warner Cable shares and instead bought options on the stock because he doesn’t think a transaction is likely to close until later in the year.
 Starbucks bought Seattle’s Best in 2003.
 Blackstone bought the 501-bedroom Burlington Hotel in south Dublin in 2012.
 Another report today showed the costs of goods bought from abroad were unchanged in December, indicating little inflation pressure from overseas.
 The Turin, Italy-based company, which bought full control of the US.
 Upscale Push Fiat bought the 415 percent Chrysler stake held by a United Auto Workers retiree health-care trust to gain full control of the US.
 Nintendo Acquires Litigation Opponent’s Patents at Sale Nintendo Co, the maker of the Wii video-game console, bought at a sheriff’s sale patents it was once accused of infringing.
 The game company bought Potomac, Maryland-based IA Labs’ patent portfolio at a Jan.
 CIMB owns banks in countries including Indonesia and Thailand, and bought most of Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s Asia-Pacific cash equities and investment banking units in 2012 to extend its regional reach.
 bought the LME for $22 billion in 2012.
 PNC bought National City Corp, one of the nation’s biggest subprime home lenders, as the mortgage crisis unfolded.
 The EU’s highest court ruled in 2011 that the English Premier League’s geographic restrictions on TV channels showing its soccer matches breached competition law, in a case triggered by a British pub landlady who bought a cheaper Greek decoder card to show games in the UK.
 “We will fight this case with every document to prove our innocence in the court” The Singapore unit of a coal-trading company bought inferior quality coal from Indonesia and sold it to the plants as a higher-grade fuel, according to the CBI statement, which didn’t name the trader at the time.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Total SA bought an option for a 50 percent stake in a shale license from Egdon Resources Plc and its partners, increasing its presence in eastern England.
 Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas President Richard Fisher, a former managing partner of a fund that bought distressed debt, said in a speech last week that he’d “have to hire Sherlock Holmes to find a single distressed company priced attractively enough to buy” Five years after the Fed started holding benchmark rates at about zero and pumping more than $3 trillion into the financial system to ignite growth, Fisher warned in the Jan.
 Last year, the bank bought the rest of a brokerage joint venture with Citigroup Inc.
 (GM) bought a 7 percent stake that it later sold.
 “The majority of gay people can’t get married or have kids, leaving them with more discretionary income” SoftBank, the Tokyo-based mobile-phone company that bought control of No.
 The Tokyo-based advertising agency, which bought Aegis Group Plc last year, advises clients to reach out to gays and lesbians both in terms of marketing and their working environment, Kobayashi said.
 How Desperate? “If they haven’t bought it by now, who’s going to be buying it?” Terpolilli said in a phone interview.
 Stocks have entered the new year overbought and over-believed and until we digest that, we’re likely to stay in this range” Extended Declines The S&P 500 extended losses after Lockhart’s comments, leaving the gauge down 16 percent in 2014, the worst performance over the first eight trading sessions of a year since a 35 percent decline at the start of 2009.
 Stocks have entered the new year overbought and over-believed and until we digest that, we’re likely to stay in this range” The S&P 500 has dropped 158 percent so far in 2014, the worst start to a year since 2009, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 China’s biggest lender bought a 20 percent stake in Standard Bank for $54 billion in 2008, making it the Asian nation’s largest overseas purchase at the time.
 Winthrop in 2012 bought the site, at the corner of 47th Street in one of Manhattan’s most popular tourist areas, in partnership with New York-based Witkoff Group and New Valley LLC.
 unit of French utility Electricite de France SA bought a wind farm in New Mexico from Infinity Wind Power Inc.
 Roosevelt will be the first wind farm in New Mexico built and owned by EDF, which yesterday said it bought a 194-megawatt wind farm in Texas from Cielo Wind Power LP.
 Ergen contends he bought the debt as a personal investment.
 By then he’d developed his textile company into thread maker Coats Viyella Plc, which was bought by Guinness Peat Group Plc in 2003.
 Apotheker’s Deal Hewlett-Packard bought Autonomy in a deal engineered by Whitman’s predecessor, Leo Apotheker.
 KCG was formed when Chicago-based Getco LLC bought Knight Capital Group Inc.
 Chinese gasoline is sold mostly to Indonesia, which bought 229 million tons last year, or about 49 percent of exports, customs data show.
 Israel’s shekel depreciated 05 percent, weakening the most in three weeks as Tel Aviv traders at Forex Capital Markets LLC and Bank Leumi said the central bank bought at least $100 million to curb the currency’s rally to boost exports and the economy.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 489 percent of the notes at last month’s sale, the most since June.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 106 percent, the least since August 2012.
 bought a 7 percent stake that it later sold.
 McKesson yesterday said it bought Celesio convertible bonds from hedge fund Elliott Management Corp, giving it more than 75 percent ownership of Celesio’s shares.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Starwood Energy Group Global LLC, the Greenwich, Connecticut-based private-equity firm, arranged financing for a 211-megawatt Texas wind farm it bought in August from T.
 Since he took over as president in 2001, Saji has bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor for a total of 376 billion yen ($364 billion).
 division, Suntory bought a PepsiCo Inc.
 Co-Op Bank abandoned its bid last year, disclosed a 15 billion-pound ($25 billion) capital shortfall in June, and faces a formal investigation by regulators amid allegations its former chairman bought drugs.
 Google bought mobile-phone pioneer Motorola Mobility Inc.
 stopped selling duck-themed cards after Hofman’s complaint and promised full refunds to anyone who bought them, according to the news website.
 Bank of Montreal bought London-based Pyrford International Plc in 2007 for C$41 million ($371 million).
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Marubeni Corp, the biggest Japanese investor in electricity generation outside of utility companies, bought a 100-megawatt power plant near Tokyo as it seeks to expand domestically.
 This includes the plant bought from F-Power and the construction of 2 gas-fired and 2 coal-fired plants, each with a capacity of 100 megawatts, the newspaper said.
 It also includes versions of Chicago-based Boeing’s satellite-guided Joint Direct Attack Munition, which the Saudis first bought in 2008.
 employee had their principal repaid in full, after a guarantee company bought the asset, the Securities Times reported.
 “That’s a huge chunk of money” The restaurant relied on five-gallon bottles of water it bought from local stores and is scheduled to receive additional supplies today, Steele said.
 bought a 7 percent stake that it later sold.
 Nestle, the world’s biggest food company, bought Rowntree Plc in 1998 and owns the trademark to the bar shape in the rest of Europe.
 Dorian IPO Dorian LPG Ltd, a Stamford-based owner, bought 11 contracts for new gas carriers from Scorpio in exchange for a 30 percent stake, with an initial public offering planned for 2014, the company said in October.
 “It’s the sort of thing that Cadillac really couldn’t have bought,” Eric Noble, president of industry consultant Car Lab, said last week of the new exposure.
 VAMC, as the entity is known, bought 39 trillion dong of debt from 35 banks through December, and may extend purchases to as much as 150 trillion dong by the end of 2014, State Bank of Vietnam Governor Nguyen Van Binh said last month.
 International investors bought a net $75 million of Vietnam stocks this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Google, based in Mountain View, California, inherited the case when it bought Motorola Mobility in 2012 for $124 billion.
 The company bought offices in Venezuela to invest revenue it didn’t expatriate, Escallon said.
 The company, which provides living facilities for the elderly, argues that it would never have bought the interest-rate swaps if it had known about the bank’s Libor rigging.
 Rio de Janeiro-based Petroleo Brasileiro, also known as Petrobras, bought 27 million metric tons of spot LNG in 2012, the most in the Americas, according to the International Group of Liquefied Natural Gas Importers.
 and Israeli counterparts in building unmanned aerial vehicles, and both Britain and France have bought Predators.
 Maglan bought about 300,000 shares of Apollo in July and August, he said.
 Foreign funds bought a net $443 million of shares on Dec.
 These lenders bought bonds and not the equity in the CDOs, so that doesn’t make them owners, the group said in its lawsuit.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Longfor Properties Co, controlled by billionaire Wu Yajun, bought land in Hangzhou for 42 billion yuan ($694 million) to strengthen its presence in the capital of eastern China’s Zhejiang province.
 Beijing Jinrong Xinxing Properties Co, 913 percent owned by Longfor, bought the 128,383-square-meter (138 million square-foot) plot from Hangzhou’s municipal land bureau, according to a filing to Hong Kong’s stock exchange yesterday.
 In December, the developer bought a residential-commercial site in Chongqing, the southwestern Chinese city that’s Wu’s hometown, for 252 billion yuan.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- La Caisse de Depot & Placement du Quebec bought a stake in the world’s biggest offshore wind farm for 644 million pounds ($106 billion) as it seeks the steady, long-term returns provided by the industry.
 When he bought IBM’s PC unit for $125 billion in 2005, skeptics said North America was too risky for a Chinese company and that Lenovo’s purchase would undermine IBM’s ThinkPad brand.
 Lenovo Group Ltd’s purchase of Motorola’s consumer-hardware business, which Google bought two years ago for $124 billion including patents, lets the search company refocus on software and exit competition with other manufacturers of smartphones based on its Android software.
 Coal India Ltd, the world’s largest producer of the fuel, added 08 percent after Morgan Stanley bought shares.
 Morgan Stanley bought 167 million shares of the company, according to the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd’s website.
 22, said Foresight Solar Fund Ltd, which bought the facility three months ago.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Third Point LLC, the hedge fund founded by activist investor Daniel Loeb, bought a stake in wireless carrier T-Mobile US Inc, betting that the company could be acquired by Sprint Corp.
 Third Point bought shares at $25 apiece when T-Mobile conducted a secondary offering in November, Loeb said today in a letter to investors.
 Certainly if those smaller shops get more volume, you’re going to see even more in growth in that area” Institutional investors, led by companies such as Blackstone Group LP’s Invitation Homes and American Homes 4 Rent, have bought as many as 200,000 homes in the last two years, Stark said.
 Google, based in Mountain View, California, inherited the case when it bought Motorola Mobility in 2012 for $124 billion.
 Police fought strikers outside the new plant at the time as the newspapers were printed, which led to it being nicknamed “Fortress Wapping” Berkeley bought the site in 2012 for 150 million pounds.
 “We would have sold even at $25 million, just to resolve the issue” Third Point is looking to join Hildene Capital Management LLC and other hedge funds including Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC and Eton Park Capital Management that bought TruPS after their prices plunged amid the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, according to three people with direct knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the trades are private.
 The assets Alnylam acquired from Merck last week had belonged to a company called Sirna Therapeutics Inc, also focused on RNAi, that Merck bought for $11 billion in 2006.
 There’s no sign it was updated to account for Freedom Industries Inc, which bought and converted a facility that had stored gasoline into a site for storing the coal-cleaning chemical that leaked Jan.
 Tencent climbed in Hong Kong trading after disclosing it bought an almost 10 percent stake in Chinese logistics center operator China South City Holdings Ltd.
 International investors bought a net $92 million of shares on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange yesterday, a 19th day of purchases, the longest such streak since October, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 They bought $232 million of shares this week through yesterday, poised for the biggest week of purchases since the period ended Dec.
 2 that it withdrew all products made by Dezhou Fujude Food Co, will start DNA testing of meat it sells in China and will compensate customers who bought the affected meat.
 Overseas funds bought $90 million more local stocks than they sold this week through yesterday, exchange data show.
 became the focus of a trial over how Dish Chairman Charles Ergen bought debt in Philip Falcone’s bankrupt wireless broadband company.
 According to Ergen, the purchases were smart and the entity that bought the debt, SP Special Opportunities LLC, is distinct from Dish and EchoStar.
 Telkom “is committed to uphold all requirements of corporate governance to allow the hearing to be conducted in a fair manner” Schindehutte bought 243,700 Telkom shares for 596 million rand, or 2445 rand each, on Sept.
 Telkom therefore has an obligation to claim the loan back in order to rectify the situation” Schindehutte bought 243,700 Telkom shares for 596 million rand or 244523 rand each, the company said in an Oct.
 bought 80 percent of Portugal’s Caixa Geral de Depositos SA’s insurance unit for 1 billion euros ($136 billion), beating out US.
 The company bought the 22 million-square-foot (204,000-square-meter) Chase Manhattan tower for $725 million in October.
 Chen Youmea, 42, bought a two-bedroom unit under construction in Sydney in 2011 while she and her family were still living in China’s eastern Zhejiang province, near Shanghai.
 They moved to Australia in 2012, and within six months bought another three-bedroom apartment in the inner-city suburb of Pyrmont.
 The results were buoyed by the number of vehicles bought on credit, which jumped 13 percent during the first 11 months of the year, the latest period for which figures are available, according to the Mexican Auto Dealers Association.
 It earlier bought the maker of American Standard toilets for $542 million and has also purchased Permasteelisa SpA, which made walls for the Guggenheim Museum and Sydney Opera House.
 Alibaba, China’s largest e-commerce company, bought a stake in UCWeb in 2009 and increased its investment in the first half of 2013, according to Jay Chen, a spokesman for UCWeb.
 Investors including Hayward and financier Nathaniel Rothschild bought Genel, a Turkish company, in 2011 with more than $2 billion raised through an investment vehicle in an initial public offering.
 The same was true for 28-year-old Guilherme Tomaz’s “Little Cooler”: an event he organized on Facebook for a few friends to drink store-bought beer outside bars Jan.
 Wal-Mart said it will begin its own DNA testing of meat it sells in China and compensate customers who bought the tainted meat.
 Allianz bought 23 billion euros of properties last year and sold 500 million euros, giving it 235 billion euros in total.
 The insurer bought stakes in five French shopping centers managed by Altarea Cogedim last year for about 395 million euros and spent another 400 million euros with a group of investors on a mall in Poland.
 Cheng bought the stake from Ho’s former business partner in 1982.
 A group led by Harris, co-founder of Apollo Global Management LLC, bought the 76ers in 2011.
 Bankruptcy Judge Shelley Chapman delayed a hearing on LightSquared’s plan as she conducts the trial that began yesterday on Falcone’s lawsuit claiming Dish Chairman Charlie Ergen bought LightSquared debt on the sly.
 Tower will be bought for about $1721 million, or $3 a share, by a reinsurer controlled by AmTrust’s founder, according to a statement today from Bermuda-based Tower.
 of Parsippany, New Jersey, bought Dublin-based Warner Chilcott Plc last year, allowing the company to shift its domicile to Ireland and reduce its tax rate to 17 percent from about 37 percent.
 bought Dublin-based Elan Corp.
 The company, which bought back $11 billion of stock in the first quarter, plans to repurchase $850 million more this period, Chief Executive Officer Philippe Dauman said on a conference call.
 Last Year For last year’s Super Bowl, 30 percent of tickets purchased on Razorgator were bought the week before the game, including 15 percent the weekend before kickoff.
 and Israeli counterparts in building unmanned aerial vehicles, and France has bought General Atomics Predators for its year-old military operation in Mali.
 Donziger and a team of other lawyers won a $19 billion judgment in 2011 on behalf of Ecuadorean rainforest villagers who claimed Texaco, later bought by Chevron, dumped billions of gallons of drilling-generated toxic waste from the 1960s through the early 1990s.
 30 from 608 million pounds a year earlier, with the London terminal, bought on Feb.
 Yildiz and a partner bought Dosu from the country’s banking fund for $106 million in 2010, Ulker said.
 and McCormick & Co, bought assets worth 709 million liras including beet sugar refiner Adapazari Seker and discount retailer Diasa in 2013.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Pacific Investment Management Co’s Scott Mather, one of its six new deputy chief investment officers, said the firm bought Mexican and Brazilian government debt in the past month amid a selloff in emerging-market assets.
 The decline in developing-nation markets, which pushed an index of 20 nations’ currencies down 27 percent this year, was caused by investors who bought and sold emerging markets as an asset class, without distinguishing between individual countries, he said.
 Southwest, the biggest discount carrier, bought 22 slots, including 10 already being leased from American, while Virgin America picked up 12.
 Allen bought the pro football team as a favor to his native city in 1997, when his heart was in basketball and his investing firepower was focused on a heady concept he called the “wired world” The too-early bet on the convergence of television and the Internet flopped, losing him more than $8 billion.
 “Ariad assets are likely to attract large pharma interest” In October, the activist investment fund Sarissa Capital Management bought 115 million shares, or about 62 percent, of the company and asked for representation on the board, according to a regulatory filing.
 Neiman Marcus was bought last year by Ares Management LLC and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board from TPG Capital and Warburg Pincus LLC.
 bought shares of Toronto-based Uranium One Inc.
 Hedge-fund manager Icahn, who bought Herbalife shares after Ackman made his accusations and sold the stock short, is the company’s largest individual investor, with a 17 percent stake, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Hedge fund manager Robert Chapman, who has criticized Ackman’s Herbalife allegations and previously bought and sold a stake in the company, said he purchased some shares today at about $64.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- China bought a record amount of iron ore, crude oil and coal last year, indicating that demand from the world’s biggest buyer of raw materials remained resilient amid slowing economic growth.
 Overseas money managers who bought $45 billion of Indian shares in the past two years are seeking more information from companies, while local mutual funds cite a lack of transparency as one reason they pulled $342 billion from equities in 2013.
 The lending technology was developed by Common Assets LLC, which SolarCity bought.
 Enterprise Investors, Poland’s biggest private-equity fund, bought a minority stake in United Oilfield Services for 21 million euros ($287 million) in 2012.
 Lockheed bought back 17 million shares for $229 million during the quarter, the company said.
 “We survived the first season on a fairly reasonable wage and then we thought we’re never going to get relegated and we bought a lot of players who didn’t gel and maybe didn’t have their heart in it,” he said.
 “That’s a huge chunk of money” Bottled Water The restaurant relied on five-gallon bottles of water it bought from local stores and is scheduled to receive additional supplies today, Steele said.
 Tardochi bought a tracking device, at a fraction of the cost of theft insurance, after shelling out $7,100 for a jet black Honda CB-300R three years ago.
 Schwimmer and Wilder came to Carlyle when it bought middle-market lender Churchill Financial LLC in November 2011.
 Vivendi in 2011 bought full ownership of SFR by acquiring the 44 percent stake it didn’t already own from Vodafone Group Plc for 8 billion euros.
 Foreign investors bought a net $758 million of domestic shares on Jan.
 People who bought gold yesterday are now selling” Americans’ spending climbed the most in three years as the US.
 Overseas investors bought a net $466 million of shares on Jan.
 Alexander Forbes, bought by private equity investors, including Actis LLP and Ethos Private Equity Ltd.
 M&A Opportunities Primedia Ltd, bought by South Africa’s Brait SE in 2007, yesterday named Roger Jardine as chief executive officer.
 Exponent, which bought London-based HSS in October 2012 for an undisclosed sum from a group that included hedge-fund firm Och-Ziff Management Europe Ltd, will examine options such as a high-yield bond offering, said the people.
 HSS bought power generation specialist Abird Ltd.
 Italian banks, which bought government bonds with three-year loans they obtained from the ECB in 2011 and 2012, are the biggest holders of the country’s sovereign debt.
 Billionaires Bill Gates and George Soros have bought stakes in Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas SA, the money-losing Spanish builder that said in November it has about 6 billion euros of debt.
 bought an 833 stake percent in September.
 Ford’s Falcon and GM Holden’s Commodore, which accounted for one in six cars bought in Australia in 2003, made up just one in 30 of last year’s total.
 In March last year the Medellin, Colombia-based companybought 90 percent of Nicaraguan miner Hemco Nigaragua SA for anundisclosed amount.
 The bank acquired the Swiss unit of ABN Amro Bank NV in 2011, bought Nexar Capital Group, an alternative investment manager, in 2012, and added Lloyds’s international private banking business last year.
 RSA bought Warsaw-based Link4, a car insurer, in 2009.
 It was bought by New York-based Acquavella Galleries Inc.
 “It’s difficult to tell who’s a private collector and who’s in it for the money,” Ivor Braka, a London-based private dealer who has bought and sold several Bacon paintings, said in a telephone interview.
 Foreign investors such as Barclays Plc, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan have bought stakes in at least 10 local trust companies in recent years.
 Cohen’s firm first bought Intercept in the second quarter, regulatory filings show.
 Savanna bought the 17th Street buildings in 2012 and spent $21 million on a nine-month overhaul that retained the “loft feel” of the century-old properties, according to Kevin Hoo, a vice president at the New York-based private-equity firm.
 Public Mobile was bought in June by US.
 That purchase was allowed by the government because it said the deal would result in only “a modest increase in spectrum concentration by the incumbents” Under pressure to liberalize the industry, the government compromised in 2012 by allowing carriers with less than 10 percent market share to be bought by foreign investors.
 Indirect bidders, the investor class that includes foreign central banks, bought 384 percent, the most since August.
 The US’s YP, bought by Cerberus Capital Management LP from AT&T Inc.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Ltd, a real estate unit of Chinese state-owned Greenland Holding Group Co, said it may create a venture to develop land it bought in Shanghai last month for 595 billion yuan ($983 million).
 The company said in November that it bought office-use land in Nanning, Guangxi province.
 Lehman put up the money, and SunCal bought sites and prepared them for the development of homes.
 “That would be Etihad bailing Air Berlin out for the third time” Loyalty Program The Persian Gulf’s third-largest airline bought a stake in the German carrier’s customer loyalty program for 1844 million euros a year ago, and Etihad Chief Executive Officer James Hogan on Jan.
 “At a premium of almost 200 basis points over yesterday’s yield, the private placement is dear-bought,” said Berenberg’s Daniel.
 Two David Jones directors bought shares in David Jones on Oct.
 Shares in the company had rallied 54 percent in the six months through yesterday as investors bought the stock in anticipation of a positive result.
 SAC, based in Stamford, Connecticut, first bought Intercept during the second quarter, with filings showing a stake of 125,000 shares as of June 30.
 Pacific Bell’s parent company was acquired in 1997 by SBC Communications Inc, and in 2005 SBC bought AT&T Corp.
 Police fought strikers outside the new plant at the time as the newspapers were printed, which led to it being nicknamed “Fortress Wapping” Shares Rise Berkeley bought the site in 2012 for 150 million pounds.
 Deutsche Boerse Deutsche Boerse AG slid 21 percent to 6179 euros after the European Energy Exchange, the company’s trading venue for energy products, bought a 52 percent stake in Singapore’s Cleartrade Exchange.
 Yelp bought Qype GmbH, Europe’s biggest local review website, for about $50 million in 2012, to expand in the region.
 The bank bought the local currency because of “unhealthy price formations,” according to a statement on its website, which didn’t specify the size of the purchases.
 Trips, Gifts Staff at the New York-based bank offered to train LIA employees at its London offices, took them on a trip to Morocco and bought them gifts to build a relationship, the fund said in the court filing.
 The last part, I mean, "just like we'll do with all of our shareholders" Does the chief executive officer take all of their calls himself?1 If I went and bought one share of EBay could I get a phone conversation with the CEO to air my grievances, and then a follow-up blog post and Securities and Exchange Commission filing responding to those grievances?2 I have lots of grievances, not really at EBay but I'm sure I could think of some for the purposes of this hypothetical.
 Ralf Speth heads the bigger and more profitable Jaguar Land Rover operations, which Tata Motors bought from Ford Motor Co.
 Barry Callebaut, the world’s biggest maker of bulk chocolate, bought the cocoa processing business of Singapore-based Petra Foods Ltd.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 489 percent of the notes at last month’s sale, the most since June.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 106 percent of the notes, the least since August 2012.
 Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc, Japan’s second-biggest lender by market value, bought a 5 percent stake in Moelis in 2012 for $93 million.
 Shuanghui, which bought the world’s largest pork producer last year, owns 37 percent of Madrid-based Campofrio.
 The share of homes bought by first-timers fell to 28 percent in November from 30 percent at the beginning of 2013, according to the National Association of Realtors.
 He ventured into the country in 2005, when he bought wireless carrier Wind in a 122 billion-euro deal from utility company Enel SpA.
 Motorola Deal The Mountain View, California-based search provider had bought the Motorola mobile unit for $124 billion in 2012, pushing it into direct competition with hardware partners such as Samsung Electronics Co.
 Delaying Mine In November 2012, Cliffs announced it was delaying the expansion of its Bloom Lake iron-ore mine in Quebec, acquired when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 “It’s not a functional market, where properties are bought and sold with bank finance.
 and funds backed by billionaires Louis Moore Bacon, Paulson and Soros all bought stakes in Irish real estate investment trusts as total sales jumped to 19 billion euros, about 10 times the 2010 figure and the highest since 2006, according to Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
 The yen is being bought as a haven and that’s negative for stocks here” The Topix slid this year amid concern economic growth is slowing in China and as the Fed cuts stimulus, spurring demand for the yen as a haven.
 “I bought the stake as I believe in the future of this company,” Tavrin said, declining to comment on any financial details of the transaction.
 “That’s going to have a material impact on how much of this stuff gets bought up and how much of it gets sold.
 announced plans to sell its water-chemicals unit after Jana Partners LLC bought a stake.
 Cencosud, Chile’s biggest retailer by sales, bought Peru’s largest supermarket chain from the Wong Group in 2007.
 Breca Group bought Chilean cement producer Melon SA in 2009 while Grana y Montero SA acquired Enersis Compania Americana de Multiservicios in 2011, and Vial y Vives Ingenieria in 2012.
 That same year Banco de Credito, Peru’s biggest lender, bought Chilean investment bank IM Trust.
 If his share is bought, that should be by a black consortium, because we want to remain a black-controlled company” Left MTN Ramaphosa resuscitated his political career when he secured the No.
 Separately, Jana sent a letter to investors saying it had bought a large stake in Juniper, joining Elliott’s existing campaign to return more money to shareholders.
 The arrest was made after police bought a number of fake tickets for recent National Football League playoff games, according to Newsday.
 Vattenfall, which bought the stake at 2014 zloty a share in 2008 and became the Poznan-based company’s second-largest shareholder, is withdrawing from non-core areas, including Poland, to focus on Sweden, Germany and the Netherlands.
 The central bought $33 billion of Treasuries maturing from June 2020 to December 2020 today.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Ocado Group Plc, Britain’s largest Internet-only grocer, said revenue jumped in the Christmas period as shoppers bought more provisions online.
 “We are optimistic” An agreement with Gazprom would crown Prime Minister Robert Fico’s multiyear push to regain full control over Slovak consumer gas prices after the state bought back a minority stake in gas provider Slovensky Plynarensky Priemysel last year.
 Hudson City agreed in August 2012 to be bought by Buffalo, New York-based M&T Bank Corp.
 Last year, Greenberg bought Ally Financial Inc’s Mexican insurance business for $865 million.
 Southwest bought 11 slot pairs, including five already being leased from American, while Virgin America picked up six pair.
 Pimco is turning away from Latin America’s biggest economy more than a decade after the firm bought Brazilian bonds as they plunged before presidential elections in 2002, a bet that proved prescient and burnished the reputation of Chief Executive Officer Mohamed El-Erian.
 Open Text bought GXS Group Inc, a seller of cloud-based software integration services, for $117 billion on Jan.
 Michael Iavarone, a former penny stock broker on Wall Street who bought champion racehorse Big Brown, announced plans in 2008 to raise $100 million for a hedge fund to buy and sell racehorses.
 Investors bought $1184 million of notes tied to the company in 44 offerings last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 LaGuardia Rights American divested flight rights in December at New York’sLaGuardia Airport, the other focus of regulators’ objectionsSouthwest bought 11 slot pairs, including five already beingleased from American, while Virgin America picked up six pairJetBlue failed to win LaGuardia slots.
 Oiltanking bought the terminal on Jurong Island, which comprises 18 storage tanks, from Chemoil Energy Ltd.
 Lower Returns Melbourne-based ANZ bought 10 percent of Panin in two stages in 1999.
 climbed to a record after CNBC reported that billionaire Carl Icahn bought as many as 40 million of the car-rental company’s shares.
 Separately, Jana sent a letter to investors saying it had bought a large stake in Juniper, joining Elliott’s existing campaign to return more money to shareholders.
 bought shares in London-based BP Plc and Anadarko Petroleum Corp, based in The Woodlands, Texas, according to a letter to its investors dated yesterday.
 Creating Value Greenlight said it bought BP American depositary receipts at an average price of $4739.
 Adani bought its Carmichael project in Queensland in 2010 and is seeking to start output in 2016 from the estimated $68 billion development, at a time of mining companies deferring projects due to falling prices.
 The deal “shares many similarities with a string of secret deals in Congo’s mining sector, where mining rights were bought at knockdown prices by offshore companies and then ‘flipped’ to major international firms for vast profit,” Global Witness, a London-based advocacy group, said in an e-mailed statement.
 diplomatic cable from 2009 published online by the advocacy group Wikileaks said Gertler originally bought the block in a “corrupt oil deal” with the help of Congolese officials.
 “A higher cap on loans that can be given against gold means that the loan book will grow at a faster pace” Global investors bought a net $27 million of local stocks on Jan.
 have both tied up with India’s Tata Group for separate ventures while Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC has bought a stake in Jet Airways (India) Ltd.
 It also bought a 90 percent interest in Turkish insurer Acıbadem Sağlık ve Hayat Sigorta AS for $252 million.
 Cisco Systems Inc, based in San Jose, California, bought Sourcefire Inc, based in Columbia, Maryland, in July for $27 billion.
 Facebook bought Little Eye Labs, which develops tools that Android application developers can use to analyze and enhance efficiency of mobile apps, the Bangalore, India-based company said on its website.
 The Packers, who earned the right to host a home playoff game with a come-from-behind win on the last day of the regular season, will have a sellout for its Lambeau Field game against the San Francisco 49ers tomorrow after fans and a group of corporate partners, led by Green Bay-based Associated Banc-Corp and including local Fox TV affiliates who will show the game, bought the remaining tickets.
 Bank of Montreal sank 21 percent after F&C Asset Management Plc said it’s in talks to be bought by the Canadian lender.
 ‘Big Win’ “This deal proves to be a big win for Verizon, which was able to unload spectrum it bought in 2008 for a big premium,” Piecyk said.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Bank bought the WestendDuo office tower in Frankfurt from CBRE Global Investors Inc.
 Deutsche Bank also bought an office-development project in Paris for about 104 million euros, the Frankfurt-based lender said in a statement today.
 Investors including funds bought 14 billion euros of German offices in 2013, the most since at least 2007, according to data compiled by BNP Paribas SA.
 The option brings the total value of BlackBerry debentures Fairfax has bought to $500 million.
 bought 1 million barrels of Forties from BP Plc, according to a person who participates in the market and asked not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 PKN Orlen SA bought 100,000 tons of Urals for delivery to the Butinge terminal in Lithuania from Vitol Group, according to three people with knowledge of the tender, asking not to be identified because the information is confidential.
 The company bought a stake in Activision Blizzard Inc.
 23 that it bought Celesio’s convertible bonds from hedge fund Elliott Management Corp, giving it more than 75 percent ownership of Celesio’s shares.
 “That’s where the growth will come from” SoftLayer Deal In her biggest acquisition since taking over as CEO two years ago, Rometty bought cloud-computing storage company SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
 Riverside County also was where Blackstone’s Invitation Homes bought its first house.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Inmobiliaria Colonial SA, the Barcelona-based property developer, rose to the highest price in six weeks in Madrid trading after Grupo Villar Mir said it bought a 193 percent stake.
 Chennai Petroleum Corp, which hasn’t bought any oil this year from Iran, will continue to stay away, Managing Director AS.
 bought the London Metal Exchange in December 2012.
 The central bank bought $45 billion of Treasuries maturing from February 2018 to September 2018 today, according to the Fed Bank of New York’s website.
 Now the wider push has put Pasadena, California, where East West Bank and Downtown Properties bought Plaza Las Fuentes at a 57 percent cap rate in July, and Scottsdale, Arizona, where Oaktree Capital Management LP purchased the Republic Services Corp.
 Clarion last year bought a $66 million stake in a mixed-use Arlington complex and paid $121 million for offices in Brookline.
 The resurrection reflects how investors have warmed up again to businesses that bundle loans for everything from cars to mortgages into securities that are bought by institutions.
 Springleaf, which makes personal loans for auto repairs and home improvements, was reeling from the recession when private-equity firm Fortress Investment Group LLC bought an 80 percent stake in 2010.
 Winthrop in 2012 bought the site, at the corner of 47th Street in one of Manhattan’s most popular tourist areas, in partnership with New York-based Witkoff Group and New Valley LLC.
 Italian banks, which bought government bonds with three-year loans they obtained at lower interest rates from the European Central Bank in 2011 and 2012, are the biggest holders of the country’s sovereign debt.
 Nestle bought a stake in L’Oreal in 1974 from the Bettencourt family, the billionaire heirs of the cosmetics maker’s founder.
 The team sold out the game yesterday as fans and corporate partners, including Green Bay-based Associated Banc-Corp, bought the remaining seats.
 The company, which Boston-based Bain bought for 160 billion yen ($16 billion) in 2011, hasn’t made a final decision on the size of the offering, they said.
 Bain, which manages over $70 billion in assets, bought Skylark from the group in 2011.
 Tata Motors bought JLR from Ford Motor Co.
 Super Bowl At least seven automakers have bought ads during the Fox TV Super Bowl telecast, according to researcher Kantar Media.
 Goldman Sachs, which bought LEG for about 35 billion euros including debt in 2008, has been one of the most active foreign investors in German property.
 Innovate/Protect Inc, now Vringo, bought eight Lycos patents, including the two at issue in the trial, for $32 million in June 2011.
 There’s no sign it was updated to account for Freedom Industries Inc, which bought and converted the facility from storing gasoline to storing the chemical that leaked Jan.
 Ergen contends he bought the debt as a personal investment.
 Batista and two partners bought the brokerage from a software developer in April.
 The real estate investment trust bought the 4-acre (16-hectare) full city block, originally intended for the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures, for $46 million, Kilroy said in a statement today.
 In October, GDF Suez SA, France’s biggest gas supplier, bought a 25 percent stake in 13 licenses in England’s Bowland Basin from Brisbane, Australia-based Dart.
 Companies like Wixcom have listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange while others have been bought, like Waze Inc.
 As psychology turns, you can definitely get a downdraft” Sorrentino said his firm recently bought puts on the S&P 500 and calls on the VIX.
 Global investors bought a net $91 million of local shares on Jan.
 said it bought a portfolio of patents from Hewlett-Packard Co, acquiring intellectual property that includes the fundamentals of mobile operating systems.
 The patents on the block included those related to WebOS, the smartphone and tablet-computer operating system that the company bought through its 2010 acquisition of Palm Inc.
 Traders who handle volatile commodity contracts, have also bought Bitcoin, as have some family offices, said Englander.
 Further AgustaWestland orders, to augment AW139, AW169 and AW189s already bought, are also possible, he said.
 In 2012, it bought the juice blends business of Cargill Inc, adding more than $200 million to its annual sales and an additional platform to grow in Asia and North Amerca.
 New York-based KKR, run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought a stake in 2010, and now owns 35 percent, according to the company’s website.
 The model will be the first developed since Geely bought the manufacturer from Ford Motor Co.
 The mobile-phone maker claimed it was hurt by the defendants’ fixing of prices for displays bought by Motorola affiliates outside the US.
 If production costs rise above the selling price, things will stop” Total bought stakes in oil-sands developments in 2010 from Suncor, Canada’s largest oil producer by market value, forming a “strategic alliance” for the Fort Hills, Joslyn and Voyageur projects.
 The Singapore unit of a coal-trading company based in the central Indian city of Indore bought the coal from Indonesia and shipped it to India, according to the statement, which didn’t name the trader.
 A co-defendant in the lawsuit, Spherix Inc, which has bought some patents from Rockstar, today called on Charter to enter into negotiations for licensing certain patents owned by Spherix and the consortium.
 In August, the company said it bought five paint distributors in the UK.
 Foreign investors bought a net $35 million of shares this week, the most in more than 11 months, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Javelin’s Vero Beach, Florida-based executives capitulated and by the end of the quarter bought back 9 percent of its shares.
 American Capital bought back 7 percent of its shares in the fourth quarter.
 Acquisition Wave? The company, based in London, bought the private-bank businesses in in 1999 through its $985 billion acquisition of Edmond J.
 BlackRock bought 165,000 shares in Halkbank, according to a filing with the Istanbul bourse yesterday, increasing its stake in the state-run lender to 5 percent and consolidating its position as the bank’s second-biggest shareholder after the Turkish government.
 Dublin-based lessor Avolon Leasing Group bought the first eight planes to go to American in 2013, Avolon Chief Commercial Officer John Higgins said in a separate interview in Dublin.
 State-owned RBS charged companies advisory fees and bought their assets at reduced prices once they were in default, government consultant Lawrence Tomlinson said in a report published in November.
 to develop land it bought last month for 595 billion yuan ($985 million).
 The company said in November that it bought office-use land in Nanning, Guangxi province.
 Global investors bought a combined $28 million of local shares on Jan.
 Sports Direct International Plc, the UK’s largest sports retailer, lost 11 percent to 7475 pence after saying it bought a 46 percent stake in Debenhams Plc.
 The world’s second-largest maker of TVs, which showcased the new set at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, bought the WebOS operating system for an undisclosed amount.
 He holds CMBS arranged in 2005 by Wachovia Corp, which was bought by Wells Fargo & Co.
 He bought Greek bonds last year when they were about 35 cents on the dollar.
 “The outlook on extending leases and on moderate rental growth is more positive than it was a year ago” Frankfurt Acquisition Benson Elliot in December bought the Turmcenter, an office property in Frankfurt, from German state-owned lender Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg.
 “We do our leasing work, we stabilize the asset and then we move it in a couple of years” Many of the properties targeted by private-equity firms are legacies of a two-year buyout boom that ended in 2007, when investors bought overpriced assets with small down payments, Wende said.
 Banco Sabadell SA bought the failed savings bank known as CAM for 1 euro after Spain’s deposit-guarantee fund, financed by the nation’s banks, injected 525 billion euros into the lender and offered guarantees against certain assets souring, shielding the national budget from losses.
 The DaimlerChrysler combination unraveled in 2007, when Cerberus Capital Management LP bought 80 percent of Chrysler for $74 billion.
 Unilever bought Slim-Fast in 2000 for $24 billion.
 Once again, investors forgot that those economies are all driven by exports that are bought by developed countries, principally the US.
 And because most exports, directly or indirectly, are bought by US.
 bought by Google Inc.
 bought the maker of food products from ketchup to infant formula for about $23 billion last month.
 Suntory’s soft drinks unit also bought the Lucozade and Ribena brands from GlaxoSmithKline Plc last year for 135 billion pounds ($22 billion).
 said it bought a portfolio of patents from Hewlett-Packard Co, acquiring intellectual property that includes the fundamentals of mobile operating systems.
 The US’s YP, bought by Cerberus Capital Management LP from AT&T Inc.
 Citigroup last month renewed its lease on 263 million square feet at 388 and 390 Greenwich St, the downtown office complex it inherited from Travelers Group when it bought the insurer 15 years ago.
 The Dublin-based explorer, a member of the Poland Shale Coalition, last year bought Talisman’s interest in the country’s Baltic basin.
 Global investors bought a net $162 million of domestic shares on Jan.
 It bought the operator through its unit PPF Arena 2 BV.
 “Our sales performance was not as strong as we had planned” Morrison is due to start delivering food bought online tomorrow.
 Smithfield Foods, the pork producer bought in September by Hong Kong-based Shuanghui International Holdings, plans to increase capital expenditures to as much as $350 million over the next 12 months, up from $278 million in the fiscal year concluding April 28, 2013 and double the amount in 2011.
 Qatar and Credit Suisse are boosting ties after the nation took a 6 percent stake in the bank and bought its London headquarters.
 “They bought themselves a major enhancement to their franchise in Texas and an option in California,” said Todd Vencil, an analyst with Sterne, Agee & Leach Inc, who has a buy rating on Martin Marietta and a neutral rating on Texas Industries.
 BlackRock, which started investing in Japan property two years ago, in August bought an office and residential building in Osaka and is exploring investment opportunities in other cities Saunders declined to name.
 MGPA, the firm acquired by BlackRock, bought two Tokyo office properties last year, the South Shin Otsuka and Shinjuku TX buildings, according to a statement dated April 15, 2013, on the website of law firm Clifford Chance, which advised the investment firm on the purchases.
 Ergen contends he bought the debt as a personal investment, not for Dish.
 Overseas funds bought $66 million more local stocks than they sold this week through yesterday, exchange data show.
 Tower OUE, run by a son of Mochtar Riady, an Indonesian tycoon who founded Lippo Group with interests in property and banks, in June bought the US.
 bought a 28-story office building and land rights to 123 Mission Street in San Francisco for $179 million in cash, the company said in October.
 The company had bought back about 770,000 shares tied to that plan through the end of 2013, Elizabeth Malone, a spokeswoman, said in a telephone interview.
 The company bought UK.
 Some stocks may be being bought as the market has slumped recently, he said.
 retail sales rose 02 percent last month, beating the 01 percent increase projected by economists as consumers bought holiday gifts.
 After the separation, the unit would buy 75 to 80 percent of its fuel from third parties under long-term contracts, with the rest bought on spot markets.
 “We’re encouraged by the robust sales in our growthcategories, as well as the success of our ongoing initiatives toimprove profitability, which includes the earlier-than-expectedreturn to profitability of LifeSize,” said Chief ExecutiveOfficer Bracken Darrell, referring to LifeSize CommunicationsInc, the videoconferencing unit the company bought in 2009.
 Jaguar Land Rover, which Mumbai-based Tata Motors bought from Ford Motor Co.
 Global investors bought a net $43 million of local shares on Jan.
 The Silver Spring, Maryland-based company, which owns Animal Planet and TLC channels, bought the initial stake in Eurosport a year ago, around the same time it announced the acquisition of ProSiebenSat1’s SBS Nordic unit, which operates stations in Norway, Denmark and Sweden.
 Bank of Montreal bought London-based Pyrford International Plc in 2007 for C$41 million ($37 million).
 7 (Bloomberg) -- LightInTheBox Holding Co, a Chinese online retailer, surged 20 percent in New York after saying it bought Seattle-based Ador Inc, a website that sells clothes and accessories similar to those worn by celebrities from Beyonce Knowles to Taylor Swift.
 Diageo Plc, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay, which makes Scotch whisky including Jura and The Dalmore, when it bought India’s United Spirits last year for a foothold in emerging markets.
 The Pittsburgh FHLB sued JPMorgan and credit-ratings companies in 2009 over losses on $18 billion in mortgage-backed securities it bought in 2006 and 2007.
 16 bought GXS Group Inc, a seller of cloud-based software integration services.
 In 2006, RR Donnelly bought OfficeTiger for $250 million.
 Six years later, he bought the Barnes & Noble name and its flagship store, beginning a spree of acquisitions, including Doubleday Bookshops.
 It shows a lot of confidence by management that this device is going to do really well” Microsoft, based in Redmond, Washington, said this week consumers bought more than 3 million Xbox One players in 2013.
 bought last year in a rescue.
 The film highlights a resurgence in the Disney unit that made “Sleeping Beauty” and “The Little Mermaid” The picture is the biggest hit for the namesake animation division since “The Lion King” in 1994, and has passed the Pixar hits “Cars” and “Toy Story 2” Chief Executive Officer Robert Iger bought Pixar for $7 billion in 2006 to revive animation.
 Foreign investors bought a net C$369 billion of Canadian bonds through November last year, Statistics Canada reported last week, down 47 percent from C$698 billion in the same period of 2012.
 China’s biggest lender bought a 20 percent stake in Standard Bank for $54 billion in 2008, making it the Asian nation’s largest overseas purchase at the time.
 private equity firms bought Healthscope for A$27 billion in 2010, beating KKR & Co.
 in 2001 bought Hong Kong’s Dao Heng Bank Ltd.
 The German lender bought Dresdner from Allianz SE.
 Apax Partners LLP and Omers Capital Partners bought Stamford, Connecticut-based Cengage in 2007 from Thomson Reuters Corp.
 According to Ergen, the purchases were smart and the entitythat bought the debt, SP Special Opportunities LLC, is distinctfrom Dish and EchoStar.
 After DBSD filed forbankruptcy the following year, Dish bought enough of thecompany’s debt to force a sale.
 `Inequitable Conduct' Harbinger has compared Ergen’s strategy in LightSquared tothe DBSD case, saying he bought debt to block rival bankruptcyplans.
 Ellison’s interests extend to real estate, like her father, who bought the Hawaiian island of Lanai in 2012 and owns swaths of Malibu in Southern California as part of his estimated $436 billion fortune.
 Last year, she sold her three-house compound in the same area for about $47 million, earning $14 million in the five years since she bought the first property, the Times said.
 WellPoint, which operates Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans in 14 states including California and New York, bought 1-800 Contacts from the private equity firm Fenway Partners in June 2012 for about $900 million.
 “The fact they’re selling it 18 months after they bought it for a loss indicated it probably didn’t belong under WellPoint in the first place and it’s probably a good thing they’re disposing of it,” Les Funtleyder, an industry analyst and author of the book “Health-Care Investing,” said in a telephone interview.
 Ralf Speth heads the bigger and more profitable Jaguar Land Rover operations, which Tata Motors bought from Ford Motor Co.
 Goldman Sachs said it bought back $14 billion of stock in the fourth quarter.
 India Ventures AirAsia and Singapore Air have both tied up with India’s Tata Group for separate ventures while Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC has bought a stake in Jet Airways.
 Home Prices Values increased as the economy strengthened and firms led by Blackstone bought more than 366,200 single-family homes in cities such as Phoenix and Atlanta since January 2011 to turn into rentals, according to Port Street Realty and RealtyTrac data.
 Triple-Play Pioneer As chief operating officer of Cablevision, a company he joined in 2002, Rutledge devised a plan to reduce prices for consumers who bought a bundle of services.
 That drive was part of the reason he bought the Bresnan business twice, according to the people.
 Hanwha Q-Cells was formed after Q-Cells filed for protection from creditors, like at least 15 other producers, and was bought by Hanwha Group.
 Global investors bought a net $1254 million of domestic shares on Jan.
 The company, which runs trains in Scotland and northern England as well as rail routes linking London with Wales, bought Greyhound owner Laidlaw in 2008, tripling net debt to 22 billion pounds.
 Global investors bought a net $654 million of domestic shares yesterday, data from the regulator show.
 In January 2007, Wamco bought for its clients $50 million worth of Glen Meadow, "a $500 million private placement that was designed to provide subordinated debt financing to the Hartford Insurance Group" The offering memorandum said that the securities could not be sold to Employee Retirement Income Security Act benefits plans, because there are rules about what sorts of things Erisa benefits plans can own, but those rules are too boring to discuss in polite company1 Then this happened: Glen Meadow was initially coded in WAM’s automated compliance system as an asset-backed security that was non-ERISA eligible.
 Freed from Erisa constraints by mis-coding, they went and bought more Glen Meadow, ultimately putting more than $90 million of it into Erisa accounts.
 But it looks weird if you do that without a price check: How do you decide what price the one client sells at and the other buys at? So Wamco dutifully went off and sold the bonds to independent dealers at whatever price the dealer bid, then bought them back for its buyer clients at whatever price the dealers offered: In its dealings with most counterparties, the sale and the repurchase were separate arms-length transactions.
 Another is that nothing that the SEC says Wamco did was intended to, or did, hurt clients: It (presumably) bought the Glen Meadow bonds for clients in good faith, didn't sell them in a dislocated market, and ended up selling them in a more normalized market -- at a loss, but at a loss not inconsistent with the experience of similarly junior ABS-ish insurance-industry bonds from 2007 to 2009, and in any case not caused by this Erisa nonsense.
 Certainly I can't tell from the SEC order if any Erisa rules were violated, or if Wamco's clients were at risk for any terribleness (legal liability, rescission of trades -- which would've been a good thing, in the event, or zeroing out of their bonds) because they bought no-Erisa things in yes-Erisa accounts.
 So $81 million on $90 million par is about 9 points of par, though I don't know what prices they bought at.
 (All of the $90 million was bought in the aftermarket, in 2007 and maybe 2008) 3 "Western began engaging in prearranged cross transactions no later than January 2007, and it effected 88 cross transactions during 2007 with the dealers.
 About 82,000 securities were bought and sold, almost three times three-month average volume.
 He bought the car for $25 million in 2012.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Tokyo Electron Ltd, the chipmaking equipment supplier that agreed to be bought by Applied Materials Inc, will stop making and selling equipment used to make solar panels at the end of March.
 Microsoft said yesterday consumers bought more than 3 million Xbox One players in 2013.
 bought for about $800 million last year.
 Blackstone and PAI bought United Biscuits for more than 16 billion pounds ($26 billion) in 2006, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Eyeing Mexico “We have bought back very close to 4 million shares and we will continue doing so,” he said.
 With the deals, she says she bought more items than last year and spent less.
 Cheaper Tablet Zipper, the Virginia mom, said she bought her 8-year-old daughter a Kindle Fire HD using a 20 percent discount and the $50 she saved opening an Amazon credit card: As a result, the $169 tablet cost her $89, she said.
 Hanjin Energy bought its stake in S-Oil for 24 trillion won in 2007.
 Hong Kong Television bought the unit after it failed to get its own free-to-air license in October.
 F&N is carving off the real estate division, allowing each unit to focus on individual expansion strategies, after Thai billionaire Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi bought F&N last year through his companies, including Thai Beverage and TCC Assets Ltd, for S$138 billion ($11 billion).
 NYSE Euronext, the exchange owner Sprecher’s ICE bought in November, generated $106 billion in revenue from American equities transactions in 2012 and gave out $796 million in rebates.
 He and others bought back part of Advanced Bionics in 2008, according to the website.
 In 2010, Sonova Holdings AG bought Advanced Bionics for $489 million.
 Reddy said he bought shares of NTPC Ltd, which generates 42,454 megawatts or about a quarter of India’s total capacity, and GAIL India Ltd, which sells half of the natural gas used in the nation.
 That’s still profitable for MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co, a unit of Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, which bought 99 percent of BYD in 2009 for HK$8 a share.
 Tensions have spiked with Japan since the Japanese government bought several islands at the center of a territorial dispute with China in September 2012.
 Billionaire Alwaleed bought a stake in Jingdong in February last year, joining a group of investors in tapping one of the world’s fastest growing e-commerce markets.
 Global investors bought a net $91 million of local shares on Jan.
 Asset managers bought 62 percent of the notes sold, while insurers or pension funds purchased 16 percent and central banks about 3 percent, according to debt agency IGCP.
 The BOJ bought 68 trillion yen of sovereign notes in December, the least since it boosted the program to more than 7 trillion yen a month in April, data compiled by Totan Research Co.
 Rio de Janeiro-based Petroleo Brasileiro, also known as Petrobras, bought 27 million metric tons of spot LNG in 2012, the most in the Americas, according to the International Group of Liquefied Natural Gas Importers.
 The Packers, who earned the right to host a home playoff game with a come-from-behind win on the last day of the regular season, will have a sellout for its Lambeau Field game against the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday after fans and a group of corporate partners, led by Green Bay-based Associated Banc-Corp and including local Fox TV affiliates who will show the game, bought the remaining tickets.
 Teams in danger of a local television blackout have in the past bought unsold tickets or reached agreements with sponsors to buy them.
 Goldman Sachs said it bought back $14 billion of stock in the fourth quarter.
 About 20 percent of Britons bought items online for in-store collection in the run-up to Christmas, according to a survey conducted by digital-products creator Foolproof Ltd.
 Warren Buffett bought $5 billion of Goldman preferred in September 2008 at a yield of 10 percent (when those Series Bs were trading at around 9 percent), and he got at-the-money warrants to buy Goldman common stock as part of the deal.
 Gold Fields bought St Ives, about 80 kilometers (50 miles) south of the town of Kalgoorlie, in 2001, operates four underground mines there and owns an area covering 99,594 hectares, according to its website.
 He ventured into the country in 2005, when he bought wireless carrier Wind in a 122 billion-euro deal from utility company Enel SpA.
 Penney also said in October that it would give back 11 million shares it bought for $350 each and the right to board representation at Martha Stewart Living.
 Bovis bought 3,737 plots of land in 2013 and now has enough land for five years of construction at current levels, the company said.
 Online Business In 2012, he bought a majority stake in a venture that licensed the Prudential and Real Living brand names to more than 500 brokerages.
 “We saw the franchise network available and we were in need of a great brand to build this national network” Such ambitions may have been lost on Buffett when he bought HomeServices in 2000.
 The French company bought Goodrich Electrical Power Systems in 2012 as part of a push into that area.
 We’ll synergize all these and expand our expertise in the equity capital market” Malaysia’s smaller banks and brokerages have been forging domestic mergers to stay competitive, while their bigger competitors, including Malayan Banking Bhd, have bought abroad in Southeast Asia to expand.
 bought OSK Holdings Bhd’s investment bank the same year.
 “We have acted decisively to reposition our capital for growth” CIMB owns banks in countries including Indonesia and Thailand, and bought most of Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s Asia-Pacific cash equities and investment banking units in 2012 to extend its regional reach.
 About 50 investors bought the latest securities, including mutual funds, pension funds, insurers, banks and real-estate investment trusts, according to the company’s statement.
 In 2012, it bought credit-card data firm Argus Information & Advisory Services LLC for $425 million and medical-record aggregator MediConnect Global Inc.
 OUE bought the US.
 5, including growth of 29 percent in the week leading up to Christmas as more people bought their festive food online.
 Citigroup last month renewed its lease on 263 million square feet at 388 and 390 Greenwich St, the downtown office complex it inherited from Travelers Group when it bought the insurer 15 years ago.
 It bought $13665 as of 12:22 pm.
 The rally has proved a boon for institutional investors such as Travelers Chief Investment Officer William Heyman and Loews Chief Executive Officer James Tisch, who bought during the sell-off.
 Foreigners bought a net $129 billion of South Korean shares in the second half of 2013 as the Kospi climbed 79 percent.
 The Canonsburg, Pennsylvania-based company, with a market value of $18 billion, bought the injectable-medicine unit of India’s Strides Arcolab Ltd.
 About 6 percent of households with Twitter users bought a new car during a six-month period measured by partner Datalogix Inc.
 Those households bought new vehicles at double the national rate from April to October, according to Datalogix and IHS Automotive’s Polk.
 The iPhone maker bought $14 billion of its own shares after reporting earnings on Jan.
 Holders of Nippon Individual Savings Accounts bought more stock in Takeda than any other Japanese company this year through Feb.
 “People who bought the dip in equity have been right,” Philippe Trouve, the VIX options trader and director for equity derivatives at Bank of America Corp.
 Vinci SA, Europe’s biggest builder, last year bought Portuguese airport operator ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal SA for 31 billion euros and raised its stake in Aeroports de Paris to 8 percent.
 It also bought the stake in French toll road Cofiroute it didn’t already own.
 It buys a little time until the harvest or until there’s a deeper measure” Since the move, the central bank bought $30 million in the foreign-currency market and $801 million from deposits banks already had in the monetary authority, according to a bank official who isn’t authorized to speak publicly on the matter.
 Growth at NBCUniversal is important because Comcast last year bought the remainder of the entertainment unit, which paid $438 billion for US.
 “I think people will be curious about that” Boosting TV NBC will stream 1,000 hours of events live from Sochi, up from 700 in London and more than the total for the Vancouver and Turin Winter Games combined, said Sam Schwartz, chief business development officer at Philadelphia-based Comcast, which bought the remaining 49 percent of NBCUniversal last year.
 Tyson is targeting revenue growth of 6 percent to 8 percent for its value-added foods, and in the last year it has bought Bosco’s Pizza Co, Circle Foods LLC and Don Julio Foods Inc.
 Cote concluded some consumers paid more for e-books or bought cheaper ones than those they preferred, while still others deferred purchases altogether rather than pay higher prices.
 Arqaam bought El Rashad Securities Brokerage SAE in Cairo to expand in Egypt and also acquired Libya’s Al Rashad Finance and Management Advisory to build a base in north Africa.
 Neither Charter nor Malone himself bought a big block of Time Warner Cable shares even as Charter’s pursuit of the company helped send the stock up 70 percent since the end of May.
 He has 477 million shares now, implying that he bought some 247 million shares from Oct1 through Nov.
 Here I'm just assuming he bought at the same pace over the whole six weeks, which seems a little unlikely -- presumably he bought faster just before the end, which would increase the costs.
 Macquarie analysts led by Michael Gray wrote that the gold mining company could potentially be bought by producers of the precious metal such as Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd, Argonaut Gold Corp.
 Deutsche Bank AG bought the family-run lender, founded in 1789, for its wealth-management operations.
 and Syngenta AG bought smaller biotechnology producers over the past two decades to bring in patents.
 Soros Fund Management, run by Chief Investment Officer Scott Bessent, bought 49 percent of the company in the second quarter of 2013, when the shares traded at an average price of $4258.
 NBC Conditions Comcast probably will need to make some divestitures and agree to conditions like those it accepted when it bought NBC Universal in 2011, Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
 The rupiah climbed to the highest level in three months, as global investors bought the nation’s assets after its current-account deficit narrowed.
 11, and bought a net $186 million of Indonesian stocks in February through last week.
 In September, the company said it bought eight shopping centers out of administration valued at about 250 million pounds.
 It paid 1 billion euros ($136 billion) for a controlling stake in the insurance unit of Portugal’s Caixa Geral de Depositos SA in January and bought the 22 million-square-foot (204,000-square-meter) 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza tower for $725 million in October.
 Rogers purchased 22 licenses for C$33 billion, while BCE bought 31 for C$566 million and Telus acquired 30 for C$11 billion.
 managing director Jesse Litvak told a jury during his fraud trial that they still got good deals on the bonds they bought through him even with his alleged misrepresentations.
 Alan Vlajinac, a bonds trader at Wellington Management Co, testified yesterday that he was disappointed to learn that he had bid $76 for a bond that Jefferies had bought for $74, saying he had trusted Litvak.
 Invesco later learned that Litvak had bought the bonds a week earlier at a lower price and earned almost $128,000 on the deal, Norris said.
 The search provider had bought the Motorola mobile unit for $124 billion in 2012, pushing it into direct competition with hardware partners such as Samsung that use Google’s Android smartphone software.
 Women bought so many that Montblanc added diamonds.
 The Singapore-based company entered the sugar business in 2010 when it bought Australia’s Sucrogen Ltd.
 Tata Motors bought JLR from Ford Motor Co.
 Chinese Internet Under Naspers, Bekker bought half of Shenzhen, China-based Tencent, now the country’s biggest Internet company, for $32 million in 2001.
 and Emerson Electric Co, added cybersecurity managers for each of its 24 business units and bought a stake in security company Industrial Defender in 2010.
 Bank of New York bought Mellon Financial Corp.
 “The key call in India is when does the domestic economy pick up” Foreign investors bought a net $129 million of stocks yesterday, ending four days of outflows and paring this year’s outflows to $186 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “What he does well is translating the top designer trends and offering it to the masses” The Hong Kong-based company boosted its full-year sales and profit forecasts after customers in Europe and in North America bought more of its products, which include accessories, footwear, watches and jewelry.
 Under Brazilian securities rules, owners of voting stock are entitled to receive at least 80 percent of the price paid to controlling stakeholders if the company is bought, the so-called tag along.
 “Bacon is a blue-chip commodity,” said Alan Hobart, a London-based private art dealer who bought a Bacon portrait of Muriel Belcher for 137 million euros ($187 million) at a Sotheby’s Paris auction in 2007.
 Once known as Philipp Brothers and with origins that date to 1901, Phibro posted quarterly profits 80 percent of the time from 1997 to 2009, when it was bought by Occidental for $250 million.
 The brokerage said Britain’s fourth-largest supermarket chain will probably not be bought out.
 15 it bought almost 10 percent each of the available common shares of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 The fund bought about 351,000 shares of Amazoncom, increasing its stake to more than 503,000 that were valued in excess of $200 million as of Dec.
 SAC also bought 72,520 shares of Mountain View, California-based Google Inc, owning a total 168,550 shares worth $189 million at the end of the year.
 The fund bought 149,080 shares of Foster Wheeler AG, for which UK.
 The fund bought 647,950 shares of the New York-based company in the fourth quarter, owning 125 million shares at the end of the year.
 “We’re very oversold in stocks and very overbought in Treasuries.
 The swap also is a boost to New York-based JetBlue, which bought 24 other slots sold by American last month.
 also bought slots from American at Reagan, and joined Virgin America Inc.
 Etihad has bought a 24 percent stake in India’s Jet Airways and a 49 percent stake in Air Serbia.
 The company has bought back about $65 billion of its shares since 2010.
 Bonds Decline Overseas investors bought NT$278 billion ($916 million) more Taiwanese equities than they sold this week, exchange data show.
 To counter a slowdown in European construction, Vinci bought Portuguese airport operator ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal SA last year for about 31 billion euros and raised its stake in Aeroports de Paris to 8 percent.
 It also bought the stake in French toll road Cofiroute it didn’t already own.
 Picture’s History The work has hung at the far end of the lobby since the restaurant opened in July 1959, according to a 2005 press release from Vivendi SA, which bought Seagram in 2000.
 Barclays Africa Group Ltd, which bought most of its UK.
 Yeung was chairman of Grandtop International Holdings Ltd, which in 2007 bought a 299 percent stake in the West Midlands, UK-based soccer club for 15 million pounds ($245 million).
 Yeung bought the rest of the club in 2009, paying 815 million pounds to David and Ralph Gold and David Sullivan, and Grandtop changed its name to Birmingham International Holdings Ltd.
 Values increased as the economy strengthened and firms led by Blackstone Group LP bought more than 366,200 single-family homes in cities such as Phoenix and Atlanta since January 2011 to turn into rentals, according to Port Street Realty and RealtyTrac data.
 In December in a separate lawsuit challenging the state’s 10-day waiting period to receive a gun after it is bought, US.
 “They shouldn’t be in the business of buying distressed loans for the purpose of foreclosing on people” Altisource Residential, which bought 13,500 delinquent loans last year, resolved about 288 in the fourth quarter.
 The firm expects more loans it bought in 2013 will be converted into rental properties by the end of this year or early 2015, CEO Ashish Pandey said in a call with investors yesterday.
 While Blackstone once bought $100 million of homes a week, it has slowed acquisitions after prices climbed almost 24 percent since March 2012, according to the S&P/Case-Shiller index of 20 US.
 Over the past two years, it has sold stock to the public, bought back debt at a discount and moved assets between subsidiaries.
 “But 2013 was not an easy year for Galderma and they’re preparing for the challenges ahead” Nestle, which bought the half of the venture it didn’t own from partner L’Oreal SA, is banking on full control to help the unit revive its performance.
 bought for over $100 million in 2006.
 The venture group also backed digital thermostat maker Nest Labs Inc, which Google bought earlier this year for $32 billion.
 The stones are sold at a price set by De Beers to customers it has until now chosen for their financial standing, business reputation and marketing ability, termed “sightholders” Once bought at the sights, rough diamonds are cut, polished or traded before being sold at exchanges to manufacturers who turn them into jewelry.
 economy recovered and Chinese consumers bought more of the stones.
 Anglo American, based in London, bought the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in De Beers for $51 billion in 2012, increasing the company’s holding to 85 percent and ending the dynasty’s 80-year ownership.
 Sanlam Investment Management’s Small-Cap Fund bought Curro Holdings Ltd, South Africa’s largest listed private education company, last year and has held it since because it’s a “long-term opportunity,” said Vanessa van Vuuren, the fund’s manager.
 It bought an initial holding from the French government in 2006, and added to its investment to tap growing infrastructure needs and benefit from synergies with its own construction business and Alstom’s power-and rail-equipment units.
 Tencent, Asia’s largest Internet company by market value, bought a 365 percent stake in Sohu’s Sogou search unit in September to expand its Web offerings.
 Guaranty Trust bought 70 percent of Fina Bank to gain entry into Kenya, Rwanda and Uganda, the Lagos-based lender said in an e-mailed statement today.
 It bought $17 billion in January, after buying $630 million the previous month, bringing its reserves to a record $832 billion.
 Mikitani, seeking to boost sales after missing analyst estimates for two years, has bought stakes in social-network operator Pinterest Inc.
 13 as fewer people attended meetings and bought its products.
 The Fed bought $125 billion of Treasuries today due from February 2036 to August 2043 as part of the program.
 The $32 billion New York-based firm also bought credit default swaps on Danske Bank A/S, the country’s biggest lender, founder and investment chief Jeffrey Altman said last week at a conference panel discussion in Palm Beach, Florida, according to the people, who attended and asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The company bought a majority stake in Thailand’s Bank of Ayudhya Pcl in December for 536 billion yen, its biggest acquisition in Asia outside of Japan.
 Temasek, directly or through its units, bought 565 million shares of Foster City, California-based Gilead valued at $424 million as of Dec.
 Acquisition Spree In past year, Alibaba has bought a stake in Weibo, China’s largest Twitter-like service, as well as investments in luxury-sales site 1stdibscom Inc.
 This will be the second group of homes to be sold after the Malaysian investors bought the property for 400 million pounds in 2012.
 Senator Investment Group LP, a $67 billion firm, told clients yesterday that Blackstone bought a minority piece of its business, less than a week after Hill, who runs the New York-based firm’s $56 billion hedge-fund group, outlined his ambitions for that strategy.
 Fund Competition Blackstone, which last year hired Anthony Maniscalco to help purchase positions in hedge funds, competes with firms such as Affiliated Managers Group Inc, sovereign-wealth fund Dubai International Capital LLC and Neuberger Berman Group LLC Neuberger in June bought a minority stake in New York fund Capstone Investment Advisors LLC.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Silvio Denz, chairman of Swiss perfume and cosmetics maker Art & Fragrance SA, bought Sauternes wine estate Chateau Lafaurie-Peyraguey from French energy company GDF Suez to add to his winery holdings in the Bordeaux region.
 Jana also bought 757 million shares of Detroit-based GM, bringing its total holding to almost 8 million shares worth $326 million as of Dec.
 Veyance, previously known as Goodyear Engineered Products, was bought by Carlyle for $15 billion in 2007.
 bought a 7 percent stake that the Detroit-based carmaker later sold.
 Fed Purchase The central bank bought $266 billion today of Treasuries due from May 2022 to August 2023 as part of the program.
 Fiat last month bought the 415 percent Chrysler stake held by the trust, which was created to pay medical bills for union retirees, to gain full control of the US.
 That prompted AirAsia and Singapore Airlines to tie up with India’s Tata Group for separate ventures while Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC has bought a stake in Jet Airways (India) Ltd.
 The real estate investment trust, one of Ackman’s most profitable investments, bought back about 28 million shares from New York-based Pershing Square for $556 million, General Growth said this week.
 Software maker Intucell Ltd, which was bought by Cisco Systems Inc.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc, speeding up the pace of acquisitions, bought Burstly Inc, a software company that helps developers create smartphone and tablet applications.
 In 2012, Apple bought fingerprint-security firm AuthenTec Inc, whose technology was recently incorporated into the new iPhone 5s.
 “SodaStream will be eventually bought out by a big beverage producer,” Saporta said.
 Much of that stemmed from mortgage-related liabilities they inherited when Bank of America bought Countrywide Financial Corp, and JPMorgan purchased Bear Stearns Cos.
 KeyCorp, based in Cleveland, bought commercial mortgage servicing rights from Bank of America in May, amassing a collection of those assets that ranks among the nation’s three largest.
 Fifth Third Bancorp, based in Cincinnati, bought cardholder services from Quad City Bank & Trust in January 2013 to expand its payments products.
 About 80 percent of Sudan’s gum arabic is bought by European countries, with some of that sold on to US.
 Investors are managing to slip in and out of a market even with the diminished balance sheets of dealers, which traditionally have bought larger pools of bonds that they could sell over a longer period of time at a profit.
 Prior to the expiry Pfizer struck a deal with pharmacies, offering discounts and rebates on the condition they bought a minimum 12 months’ supply of atorvastatin, the generic equivalent, the ACCC said.
 Fed Purchase The central bank bought $125 billion in Treasuries today due from May 2038 to August 2043 as part of the program.
 Champions League United, bought by the US-based Glazer family in 2005, is one of sport’s most recognized brands.
 SoftBank led a $153 billion bid for a majority stake in Finland-based Supercell Oy, a purchase aimed at strengthening content with games including “Clash of Clans” and “Hay Day” The also bought 57 percent of Miami-based handset distributor Brightstar for $126 billion, a transaction meant to boost SoftBank’s procurement power and improve its competitiveness both in the US.
 Earlier this month, the retailer said it bought seven Dominick’s grocery-store leases in the Chicago area from Safeway Inc.
 The computer maker, which bought Autonomy for $111 billion in 2011 and later took an $88 billion writedown on the purchase, also said it has shared information from its investigation with regulators in the US.
 Apotheker’s Deal Hewlett-Packard bought Autonomy in a deal engineered by Whitman’s predecessor, Leo Apotheker.
 Reliance Jio, the newest entrant, bought airwaves in all of India’s key regions and may push Bharti for market share, Shah said.
 The company bought 1,800 MHz spectrum in 14 telecom regions.
 CapitaLand bought a residential site in China’s Ningbo city for S$232 million and plans to build about 1,100 small and medium-sized units, the developer said on Jan.
 She repeated the Fed’s outlook for further reductions in “measured steps” and that asset purchases aren’t on a “pre-set course” The Federal Open Market Committee said in January it will cut monthly bond purchases by $10 billion to $65 billion, citing labor-market indicators that “were mixed but on balance showed further improvement” It bought $85 billion a month last year.
 Eurazeo bought Europcar for 308 billion euros ($42 billion) in 2006, paying 165 times earnings before interest and tax.
 Wealthy foreigners have bought high-end US.
 The firm has also bought office properties in Pittsburgh and Boston, multifamily residences in Texas and some industrial buildings for clients, and is looking for more opportunities this year in real estate purchases or lending, he said.
 Hewlett-Packard bought Autonomy in a deal engineered by Whitman’s predecessor, Apotheker.
 Prior to the expiration, the ACCC claimed that Pfizer offered pharmacies discounts and rebates if they bought a minimum 12 months’ supply of the generic equivalent.
 DLF bought Aman Resorts in November 2007 for $400 million, including $150 million of debt, from Zecha.
 More than 80 percent of the issue was bought by investors from the US.
 Investors bought and sold after currency turmoil in emerging markets and the Federal Reserve’s decision to curtail stimulus sent the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index down as much as 58 percent.
 NYSE Euronext, which was bought in November by futures market operator IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc, posted $263 million in revenue from US.
 Quebecor’s Montreal-based Videotron unit bought seven licenses for 700-megahertz spectrum, prized for its ability to send data through dense urban areas, in Quebec, Eastern and Southern Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia, the company said in a statement yesterday.
 Rogers said the 20-year licenses it bought will help it achieve that goal.
 Wade Oosterman, the president of BCE’s Bell Mobility wireless business said what it bought will help it take its network further to “towns, rural locations and remote communities across the country” Foreigners Absent Observers had predicted a smaller windfall for the government after foreign bidders pulled out.
 Other Icahn targets include Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc, which was bought by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
 The original owners bought the properties as investments, or buy-to-let homes, before defaulting on their debts, the person said.
 Blackstone, the world’s largest private-equity firm, bought Texas’s Four Seasons Resort and Club Dallas at Las Colinas and a loan on New York’s 119 West 40th Street, an office tower overlooking Bryant Park, a person with knowledge of the transactions said.
 JPMorgan, admitting that it and companies it bought hadn’t sufficiently informed investors about risks, paid a $2 billion civil penalty.
 Bank of America issued $769 billion and Merrill Lynch, which was bought by the bank at the start of 2009, and First Franklin, which Merrill Lynch bought at the beginning of 2007, issued a combined $116 billion.
 The company, which had a partnership with Santarus for the experimental antibiotic rifamycin that included a stake in the San Diego-based company, made $200 million when Raleigh, North Carolina-based Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd bought Santarus in January.
 Poor Voters The Democrats say an election wouldn’t be fair becauseThaksin bought the loyalty of poor voters while in power.
 bought airwaves to expand its wireless services and Loblaw Cos.
 Quantitative hedge fund firm Two Sigma Investments LLC partnered with a group that bought a reinsurer from Steven A.
 Credit is the firm’s largest business by assets, with $101 billion under management, after Apollo bought loans from banks hurt by the 2008 financial crisis and expanded investments in Europe and the US, including in insurance assets and consumer loans.
 The company bought railway constructor Racec Group Ltd.
 “It would be very positive for Abril and its investors if a bigger group, with more knowledge of the education industry, took the lead and consolidated the smaller companies it bought,” Bernardes Junior said in a phone interview from Sao Paulo.
 Bright Food, whose domestic brands include White Rabbit candy, bought a 60 percent stake last year in British cereal maker Weetabix Ltd.
 Europe’s largest low-cost carrier has done battle with competition authorities in Europe since it first bought Aer Lingus shares as part of a takeover bid in 2006.
 Nevertheless, Bass said he bought Argentine bonds at 55 cents on the dollar last year and has no plans to sell even as global investors say there’s an 86 percent chance Argentina will quit paying in the next five years.
 Singer, 69, the white-bearded founder of New York-based Elliott Management Corp, bought up Argentine notes for a discount and sued for full repayment starting in 2003.
 The bonds he bought at 55 cents jumped to as high as 74 cents in December before plunging again.
 Viking bought 116 million shares of Deerfield, Illinois-based Walgreen, the largest US.
 Viking bought about 4 million shares of Calgary-based Canadian Pacific, valued at $613 million, making it the fund’s largest new purchase after Walgreen.
 and VTB Capital bought a 50 percent stake in Russian Fitness Group for an undisclosed amount to invest in the country’s growing enthusiasm for working out.
 Suez Environnement bought GDF Suez’s entire holding of 84 million shares at market value, the Paris-based company said today in a statement.
 carrier it bought last July.
 Zillow, which bought StreetEasy six months ago, scrapped the site’s “insider accounts” program, which charged users $10 a month, or $100 a year, for some real estate search tools and sales information.
 Seattle-based Zillow, operator of a national real estate web service, bought StreetEasy for $50 million in August to expand its reach in New York.
 “Ariad assets are likely to attract large pharma interest” In October, the activist investment fund Sarissa Capital Management bought 115 million shares, or about 62 percent, of the company and asked for representation on the board, according to a regulatory filing.
 Institutional investors, led by companies such as Blackstone’s Invitation Homes and American Homes 4 Rent, have bought as many as 200,000 US.
 Credit Suisse Group AG bought the largest portion with a face value of $373 billion, followed by Bank of America Corp.
 Last year, it bought stakes in Prism Pharma Co, a Japanese drug-discovery company, and Royal Gate Inc, a Tokyo-based developer of mobile payment devices, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 He will also spend as much as $4 billion on completing an unfinished Las Vegas resort it bought from Boyd Gaming Corp.
 To compete with Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan bought UBS AG’s global agriculture and Canadian commodities units in 2009, and part of commodities trader RBS Sempra in 2010.
 So, economically, the investor is in the position of having bought the DTAs.
 Birmingham International, then called Grandtop International Holdings Ltd, bought a 94 percent stake in the soccer club in 2009 for 815 million pounds ($130 million at the time).
 It starts with the fact that Herbalife bought back $686 million worth of stock yesterday.
 Remember, as we discussed yesterday, that it bought that stock in the form of forward transactions: Herbalife enters a forward with its banks, which enter into swaps with the hedge funds buying the convertible.
 I mean, assumption 2 seems to have been right -- Herbalife bought even more stock than I expected.
 Herbalife bought $686 million worth of stock (along with spending $111 million on capped call transactions).
 And they bought 3 million of those shares at a price of -- well, less than $6902.
 fund, its fourth project in the province to be bought by the New York-based money manager.
 BlackRock bought Canadian Solar’s Demorestville and Taylor Kidd projects in September, and its Westbrook solar farm last month.
 BBVA and Ortega, the world’s third-richest man according to data compiled by Bloomberg, bought about 77 percent of Occidental in 2007 for 434 million euros ($595 million), according to a statement at the time.
 The Spanish billionaire bought an office building in London’s West End for 410 million pounds ($686 million), a person with knowledge of the matter said in December.
 Billionaire John Malone bought a 27 percent stake in Charter last year through his holding company Liberty Media Corp.
 Charter’s billionaire backer Malone had courted Time Warner Cable for months before the Comcast bid -- the biggest cable deal since Comcast bought AT&T Inc’s cable assets for $52 billion in 2002.
 South Korea’s Kospi index of shares gained for a third day as overseas funds bought more equities than they sold for the first time this week.
 General Growth bought back about 28 million shares from Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP for $556 million, the Chicago-based real estate investment trust said yesterday in a statement.
 The work has hung at the far end of the lobby since the restaurant opened in 1959, according to a 2005 press release from Vivendi SA, which bought Seagram Co.
 last year bought rights to a medicine in early-stage testing.
 He bought four businesses in 2013, including Lucida Ltd, a bulk annuity buyout firm, and Cofunds Holdings Ltd, an electronic savings portal.
 Poor Voters The Democrats say an election wouldn’t be fair because Thaksin bought the loyalty of poor voters while in power.
 Japan, the largest LNG importer, bought record volumes after the Fukushima nuclear accident in March 2011.
 1 producer when it bought Placer Dome.
 It bought 8242 US.
 He expects the company to repurchase between $25 billion and $3 billion of its stock this year, less than the $35 billion worth bought back in 2013.
 As interest rates increase, there will be lots of stress in the unsecured lending market” Missed Trick Barclays Africa, which bought eight African operations from its UK.
 “They didn’t have a true sense of the companies it bought from Barclays -- some are very profitable” Steps to slow lending will pay off, Chief Executive Officer Maria Ramos said Feb.
 The firm last year bought a broker-dealer and investment adviser firm from Symetra Financial Corp.
 In November 2012, Cliffs announced it was delaying the expansion of its Bloom Lake iron-ore mine in Quebec, acquired when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 Previously, investors who bought an oil contract at ICE had no other means of selling it than returning to that market.
 ‘More Complex’ While Europe “is definitely a bit more complex” with the new regulations, ICE “bought a clearinghouse in Singapore, they have another one in the US, so they can direct trading to areas that don’t have an open access policy,” Repetto said.
 “What we wanted was the license and the legal entities and some of the personnel and governance, but we’ll add to the content over time” CME Group, which approached NYSE Euronext before it agreed to be bought by ICE, set up its Asia office in 1984 and aims to boost its headcount there by as much as 27 percent by next year as trading increases.
 ONO is one of Europe’s few remaining major cable assetsavailable after Vodafone acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AGand Liberty Global bought Virgin Media Inc.
 He started his career in 1985 at aerospace company Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm, which was later bought by Daimler.
 “They bought a lot of new aircraft to their fleet including technologically advanced aircraft.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 139 percent, compared with an average of 168 percent at the past 10 sales.
 Investors bought $101 billion of the notes last year, more than four times the amount in 2012.
 He founded the company in 1961 with his wife, Mary, and brother when he bought $45 of hand-tied fishing flies during a trip to Chicago with his father.
 Absorbing Risk Spar Nord’s most recent acquisition was in 2012, when it bought community lender Sparbank A/S.
 Spar Nord also bought seven branches sold off during the liquidation of Roskilde Bank A/S, whose 2008 failure marked the start of Denmark’s banking crisis.
 Jyske Bank A/S, Denmark’s second-biggest listed bank, last year bought Sparekassen Lolland A/S after the smaller lender failed a regulatory inspection.
 (And a surprisingly high amount of cash) Back when Facebook bought Instagram for what in hindsight was a tiny amount of Facebook stock -- 1 percent of the company, rather than the almost 10 percent going to WhatsApp -- I made light of the fact that Zuckerberg apparently convinced Instagram's founder that $1 billion of Facebook stock was actually worth $2 billion.
 At the height of the European debt crisis, 10-year gilt yields dropped to a record low 141 percent in July 2012 as investors bought UK.
 The anonymous consignor bought the piece in 1993 for an undisclosed price, Sotheby’s said.
 bought the UK.
 Manulife bought a broker-dealer and investment adviser firm last year from Symetra Financial Corp, and acquired MAAKL Mutual Bhd, a Malaysian asset manager.
 in December, adding to several other purchases in the industry last year, and bought DeepMind Technologies Ltd, a London-based artificial intelligence developer, in January.
 Ideas, Moonshots Google agreed last month to sell its Motorola handset business, which it bought for $124 billion in 2012, to Lenovo Group Ltd.
 Denison, with one of the largest high-grade uranium development portfolios in the world, is “built to be bought,” the analysts wrote.
 It’s a “prime takeover candidate” ‘Huge Package’ Rio Tinto Group may be particularly interested in Denison, which bought a 60 percent stake in the Waterbury Lake uranium project last year, David Sadowski, a Vancouver-based analyst at Raymond James, said in a phone interview.
 “If you’re Rio Tinto, you just bought a bunch of pounds in the Athabasca Basin and you’ve got nowhere to process those pounds.
 The buyer was art dealer David Nahmad, who also bought the record Burri for 47 million pounds the previous night at Christie’s.
 We might lend the paintings to the Guggenheim Museum for their upcoming Burri exhibition” Olyvia Kwok, whose London-based firm Willstone Management specializes in art-market arbitrage and art lending, bought Basquiat’s 1984 painting “Water-Worshipper” for slightly below the low estimate of 25 million pounds.
 Both measures are in overbought territory, with the DFM General Index’s relative strength index trading at 76, among the highest in the world, and above the 70 level that signals to some analysts that a security has rallied too much.
 Indonesia was the only Asian nation among eight tracked by Bloomberg where foreign investors bought more stocks than they sold this year.
 This is the first month of sales since October, when investors bought $384 million of the notes.
 KKR bought a 635 percent stake in Visma from London-based private-equity firm HgCapital LLP in a deal valuing the whole company, including debt, at about 11 billion Norwegian krone ($18 billion), according to a statement at the time.
 bought Power-One Inc, a renewable energy company, in July for about $1 billion.
 Carinthia Guarantees Even as Faymann warned of the risks, Finance Minister Michael Spindelegger reiterated that he wouldn’t rule out an insolvency of Hypo Alpe as a possible means to force a contribution from bondholders and from Germany’s Bayerische Landesbank, which bought the bank from Carinthia in 2007.
 Bunge entered the sugar market as a trader in 2006 and bought its first sugar mill in 2007.
 Penney moved to Plano it bought land in what was then an underdeveloped area about 20 miles north of downtown Dallas.
 The currencies’ stochastics chart also indicates that the Aussie has reached overbought levels against the yen.
 In January it bought a 5 percent stake in Kiev-based Ukrlandfarming Plc, Ukraine’s biggest agricultural producer.
 Aimia’s Stake Aimia bought an additional 20 percent stake in PLM in 2012, valuing it at $518 million, according to a statement at the time from Aeromexico.
 “The only reason why we bought an Ikea couch” was that it could use legs from Prettypegs, Katrina Ewers Bjerre wrote on her Facebook page last month.
 The company bought new wireless entrant Public Mobile Inc.
 Investec bought Kensington in August 2007 for 283 million pounds ($461 million) as the subprime market ground to a halt after record US.
 Municipalities bought the contracts with money raised through bond sales, which allowed them to earn a return until the funds were needed for schools, roads and other public works.
 Last year there was an opportunity to provide support but that ship has sailed” Russian Aid Russia, which bought $3 billion of Ukrainian bonds in December, has delayed the next tranche of aid to ensure its neighbor doesn’t reverse President Viktor Yanukovych’s rebuff of an EU cooperation deal.
 He pointed to the success of sports-car maker Porsche, which will meet a target for 200,000 deliveries three years earlier than planned, as an example of how a marque can thrive after being bought by VW.
 Citic Private Equity bought the stake in Biosensors in November from Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Co.
 Hony Capital Ltd, the private-equity fund backed by the parent of Chinese computer maker Lenovo Group Ltd, bought a stake in Biosensors for S$08888 a share in 2010 and now holds about 16 percent of the company, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 United Biscuits owners bought the company for more than $26 billion in 2006.
 To counter a slowdown in European construction, the Rueil-Malmaison, France-based company bought Portuguese airport operator ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal SA last year for about 31 billion euros and raised its stake in Aeroports de Paris.
 LightSquared has sued Ergen and SPSO for the way they bought the company’s debt before another Ergen entity made a $22 billion offer to buy its wireless spectrum, claiming they sought to hijack the reorganization.
 Ergen has said he bought the debt on his own behalf rather than for Dish, the satellite-television company he co-founded, or his other company, EchoStar Corp, a maker of satellite broadcast equipment.
 SoftBank led a $153 billion bid for a majority stake in Finland-based Supercell Oy, a purchase aimed at strengthening content with games including “Clash of Clans” and “Hay Day” The also bought 57 percent of Miami-based handset distributor Brightstar for $126 billion, a transaction meant to boost SoftBank’s procurement power and improve its competitiveness both in the US.
 For national security reasons, the patent application filed in 1985 was kept secret by the government until Honeywell, which bought Allied, amended it so a patent could be issued in 2002.
 The work has hung at the far end of the lobby since the restaurant opened in July 1959, according to a 2005 press release from Vivendi SA, which bought Seagram in 2000.
 Chinese investors bought Swedish carmaker Volvo Car Corp, which sells vehicles in the US, and Chinese companies have automaking partnerships with companies including Daimler AG and Hyundai Motor Co.
 “We’re currently considering several options for new vehicles and products and how best to serve our clients” The fund, counting the European Investment Bank and Finnish State Pension Fund among investors, in September bought two wind farms totaling 78 megawatts in Finland from Fortum Oyj and owns solar in Italy.
 The company bought a stake in January in China South City Holdings Ltd.
 Beating KKR Carlyle and TPG bought Healthscope for A$27 billion in 2010, beating KKR & Co.
 In 2012, Nestle bought Pfizer Inc’s infant-nutrition unit for about $119 billion, after selling assets to overcome antitrust concerns.
 He bought stock in Texas billionaire Harold Simmons’s Titanium Metals Corp, a maker of titanium used in the aerospace industry, before a November 2012 announcement that it would be acquired by Portland, Oregon-based Precision Castparts Corp.
 Within two hours, a brokerage account belonging to Robinson was accessed from London and bought 20,000 Titanium shares, authorities said.
 In early 2013, after Evercore circulated a list it received from Finra of persons who bought Titanium stock before the takeover, Hixon said he didn’t recognize any names on it.
 “Text messages suggest that Robinson was upset to lose her source of child support, and even threatened to sue him” Westway Group Hixon also bought shares in Westway Group Inc, a liquid storage firm, while serving as Evercore’s senior managing director in charge of Westway’s business, prosecutors said.
 Imperial inherited a 596 percent stake and bought the rest in a deal that valued Logista at 23 billion euros.
 Berkshire of Omaha, Nebraska, bought Business Wire in 2006.
 The iPhone maker bought $14 billion of its own shares after reporting earnings last month, bringing its repurchases to more than $40 billion in the past year -- approaching Icahn’s demand that Apple repurchase $50 billion in shares in fiscal 2014.
 Quebecor’s Montreal-based Videotron unit bought seven licenses for 700-megahertz spectrum, prized for its ability to send data through dense urban areas, in Quebec, Eastern and Southern Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia, the company said in a statement yesterday.
 ‘Video Experience’ Rogers said the 20-year licenses it bought will help it achieve that goal.
 Wade Oosterman, the president of BCE’s Bell Mobility wireless business said what it bought will help it take its network further to “towns, rural locations and remote communities across the country” Foreigners Absent Observers had predicted a smaller windfall for the government after foreign bidders pulled out.
 Californians bought 171 million new autos last year, 11 percent of the 156 million purchased nationwide.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- NewPage Holdings Inc, the closely held paper company that agreed last month to be bought by Verso Paper Corp.
 A portion of the 90,000 metric tons bought in an auction in the western state on Feb.
 The firm last year bought Valencia, Spain-based Bankia SA’s auto and consumer loan unit, with a balance of more than 873 million euros (about $118 billion) of receivables.
 Apollo’s Athene Holding Ltd, a life insurance company that provides fixed-annuity policies to retirees, bought London-based Aviva plc’s US.
 that was bought by KKR, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs for $48 billion in the biggest buyout ever.
 The city of Bedburg bought into the 21-turbine Koenigshovener Hoehe plant, according to a joint e-mailed statement, which didn’t disclose financial terms.
 bought six ATR 72 turboprops.
 The company bought new wireless entrant Public Mobile Inc.
 “Chicago just wasn’t providing that yet and now it is” National Purchases Institutional investors, led by companies such as Blackstone’s Invitation Homes and American Homes 4 Rent, have bought as many as 200,000 US.
 “The temporary difficult situations encountered in 2013 by certain divisions having been essentially addressed, the group is counting on a slight improvement of the Contracting margin in 2014” To counter a slowdown in infrastructure spending in Poland and other central European countries following the completion of projects, Vinci last year bought Portuguese airport operator ANA-Aeroportos de Portugal SA for 31 billion euros and raised its stake in Aeroports de Paris to 8 percent.
 It also bought the stake in French toll road Cofiroute it didn’t already own.
 The New York-based firm bought the Four Seasons Resort and Club Dallas at Las Colinas and a senior mortgage on 119 West 40th St, a 22-story office building in midtown Manhattan, according to a person with knowledge of the transactions.
 It bought the New York loan for about 75 percent of the investment by the previous owner, a venture including LH.
 The $160 million senior mortgage on 119 West 40th St, bought by Blackstone, was packaged into securities in 2007.
 bought 63 acres in downtown for $1448 million on Jan.
 Bettencourt Family Nestle bought a stake in L’Oreal in 1974 from the Bettencourts.
 Rakuten, which wants to have 70 percent of its transactions come from overseas by as early as 2020, recently bought stakes in social-network operator Pinterest Inc.
 Foreigners bought the most South African bonds since September on Feb.
 They bought $20 billion in 2013, the most in Asia after Japan, the data show.
 “The Fed statement gave a new lease on life to the emerging-market stress” Thai Election The baht touched the lowest level in almost three weeks yesterday as official data showed international investors sold $499 million more Thai equities and bonds than they bought in the first four days of the week.
 He and his wife, Delphine, an interior designer, bought the 18,000-square-foot (1,672-square-meter) home for $174 million in 2005 and “quietly” put it on the market for $52 million about four years later, according to the New York Observer.
 VW has also accumulated a 75 percent stake in MAN since 2006, when it first bought a holding to thwart the German truckmaker’s effort to take over Scania.
 “The market is getting easier and easier to squeeze, and by doing so, you artificially keep the white premium high, sending the wrong signal to producers” NYSE Liffe is considering changes to the contract to make delivery in containers acceptable after the bourse was bought by IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc, according to two people familiar with the discussions who asked not to be named because the information isn’t public.
 Other Icahn targets include Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc, which was bought by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
 The iPhone maker bought $14 billion of its own shares after reporting earnings on Jan.
 6, saying that Repsol didn’t have voting rights on the shares, which were bought from the company in 2008 and 2011 by Petersen Energia SA.
 Laulhere became the country’s sole maker of traditional berets after it last week bought Blancq-Olibet, its only French competitor, which was almost 200 years old.
 America Movil bought back almost 54 billion shares in 2013, or 71 percent of outstanding stock, as it struggled to prop up the stock price amid the regulatory threats.
 The company has bought $226 million of shares under the $300 million program, it said.
 LightSquared and Falcone’s investment fund Harbinger Capital Partners LLC sued, claiming Ergen improperly bought the debt to assist L-Band’s takeover.
 The plaintiffs, who bought hotel rooms across the US, claimed in more than two dozen consolidated cases that the companies agreed to prevent consumers from getting lower prices.
 Rengan Rajaratnam claims the government is accusing him of executing Galleon trades on March 24 and March 25 in 2008, after presenting evidence to the jury in his brother’s 2011 trial that it was Raj Rajaratnam alone who bought Clearwire shares on those two days using inside information.
 “The government claimed during the Raj trial that Raj was the final tippee, meaning he was the one who bought the 261,800 CLWR shares.
 Now, the government alleges that Rengan is the final tippee who bought those 261,800 CLWR shares” Remote Tippee Rajaratnam also argued that the entire indictment should be dismissed because it fails to allege he knew he was violating insider-trading laws.
 Protests broke out in China in late 2012 after Japan bought some of the disputed East China Sea islands, known as Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyu in Chinese, from a private owner.
 The luxury-goods company founded by the designer of the same name raised full-year sales and profit forecasts after customers in Europe and in North America bought more of its products, which include accessories, footwear, watches and jewelry.
 The company said it bought back $14 billion in stock in the two weeks since reporting iPhone sales that fell short of estimates.
 The gauge will help investors calculate the cost of buying and selling securities in Europe using pricing data from Xtrakter, which MarketAxess bought in March and last year monitored more than 69,000 bonds.
 rose after saying it bought back $14 billion in stock in the two weeks since reporting iPhone sales that fell short of analysts’ estimates and sent its shares lower.
 Apple bought $12 billion of its shares in an “accelerated” program and $2 billion on the open market, Cook said in the Journal interview.
 With those latest repurchases, the Cupertino, California-based company has bought back more than $40 billion of its shares over the past 12 months, Cook said.
 Tax Breaks Any profits made by a hostile bidder from the resale of shares of a target company in the 24 months following a takeover offer would need to be returned to the corporation if the shares were bought 12 months before the bid was announced.
 Martoma bought the answer sheet before the exam – more than once – netting a quarter billion dollars in profits and losses avoided for SAC, as well as a $9 million bonus for him.
 The venture bought six container vessels from Hamburg Südamerikanische Dampfschifffahrts-Gesellschaft KG, or Hamburg Sued, for $176 million euros, Rickmers said today.
 Results were also hurt by $11 million of costs to integrate units bought from American International Group Inc.
 In the past year, Alibaba has bought a stake in Sina Corp’s Weibo, China’s largest Twitter-like service, as well as investments in luxury-sales site 1stdibscom Inc.
 shopping mall owner, bought back about 28 million shares from Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP for $556 million, the company said today in a statement.
 “I had to get something, so I bought Olympic gloves, for me and my parents” The licensed hat costs 1,700 rubles ($49) at Russian department store Bosco, compared with 350 rubles for a similar non-Olympic branded hat, Gundareva said.
 Shaw, the $30 billion hedge fund manager, bought stakes in five California solar plants in July and is co-developing a wind farm off Rhode Island’s coast.
 Many investors who bought slices of those projects have been burned.
 VeriFone’s revenue from point-of-sale hardware bought by big retailers in North America will surge 15 percent this year starting in April, estimates Wayne Johnson, an analyst at Raymond James & Associates.
 Flint Hills bought the complex and terminals in Fairbanks and Anchorage in July 2004, the company’s website shows.
 Google Acquisition Google said in December it had bought seven companies for a robotics project led by Andy Rubin, former head of the Mountain View, California-based company’s Android software unit, to expand beyond online search.
 Developer Sellar Property Group bought out Transport for London’s contract to rent about a third of the skyscraper in 2010, aiming for higher rents.
 “Its connections with the latter have left it vulnerable to the machinations and reprisals of the former” There were some who “bought dollars” before the probe erupted, profiting from the lira’s depreciation in the aftermath of the operation, Interior Minister Efkan Ala said Dec.
 Helical Bar Plc, a London-based developer, and Crosstree Real Estate Partners LLP bought office properties at 207 Old Street on the fringe of the City two years ago.
 Leadenhall Court, a seven-floor structure built in 1988 and bought by Brookfield in 2012, will either be renovated or redeveloped -- demolished and replaced by a new structure built on the same site -- by the New York-based company when the lease expires, spokeswoman Carlin Fier said.
 “It appears we have a new potential buyer enter the market every week” GIC Pte of Singapore in December bought Blackstone’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex, most of which was constructed in the 1980s.
 Nasdaq bought Brut in 2004 and O’Brien joined the second-largest exchange operator, raising some eyebrows when he hung his painting of the NYSE floor.
 “Will this be the path taken by the new entity?” KCG Holdings Inc, which was formed when Getco LLC bought Knight, as well as Goldman Sachs and Citadel each owned almost 20 percent of Direct Edge and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 ONO is one of the few large cable assets that remain available in Europe after Vodafone acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AG and Liberty Global bought Virgin Media Inc.
 That’s why the deals and similar insurance policies being bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are “laying the groundwork for what will be the future of housing finance,” Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics Inc, said yesterday in a telephone interview.
 It bought Chevron Corp’s stake in US.
 McGee repaid the insurer’s rescue, bought hedges to guard against market fluctuations in Japan and sold units including a life insurer.
 economy recovered and Chinese shoppers bought more of the stones.
 Anglo American, based in London, bought the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in De Beers for $51 billion in 2012, increasing the company’s holding to 85 percent and ending the dynasty’s 80-year ownership.
 bought Lubrizol in 2011 for about $9 billion and now lumps together the results with those of several other manufacturing businesses.
 Richard Cook, co-founder of Cook & Bynum Capital Management LLC, said he’d like to know more about subsidiaries such as toolmaker Iscar, which Berkshire bought for about $6 billion.
 The 12-year notes, issued through ING Bank NV, can be bought back after seven years, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 In its push for growth in faster-growing markets, Swiss Re bought a stake in New China Life Insurance Co.
 Golden Gate bought Eddie Bauer in 2009 and has since grown the business, which now has more than $1 billion in annual sales.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Manila Water Co, the biggest listed Philippine water utility, reported a 5 percent increase in profit last year as customers bought more water.
 To replace some 747s, the airline topped up its Dreamliner orders in 2013 and bought Airbus’s largest twin-engine long-range jet, the A350-1000.
 An RSI above 70 typically signals a market is overbought.
 The fund bought about 19 percent of BlackBerry’s shares, almost 1 percent of T-Mobile’s stock, and 100,000 Apple shares during the fourth quarter, according to a filing today with the US.
 bought Trusteer Inc, a security-software maker where Kramer was an investor and director, for more than $800 million.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Indonesia’s rupiah rose to a three-month high and local stocks advanced as global investors bought the nation’s assets after its current-account deficit narrowed.
 11, and bought a net $186 million of Indonesian stocks in February through last week.
 Stock Inflows The benchmark share gauge rose 66 percent so far this year as foreign investors bought net $3832 million of local stocks this year, the only net inflow among eight Asian equity markets monitored by Bloomberg.
 The townhouse was bought in 2005 for $20 million, according to StreetEasy.
 Bachelor Pad The 8,000-square-foot apartment, which Klar bought as a bachelor pad in 1994 for about $45 million, has been on the market for about 18 months.
 Yesterday, Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg bought their five-year-old company in the largest Internet deal since Time Warner’s $124 billion merger with AOL in 2001, a deal that will almost certainly make Koum and Acton billionaires several times over.
 Coke bought Green Mountain shares at $7498, a discount to yesterday's price,2 and Green Mountain will use the proceeds to buy shares from the public at, I think it's safe to say, a huge premium to yesterday's price.
 2 Oh no sorry it bought at "$7498, which represents the trailing 50-trading-day volume weighted average price ('VWAP') as of market close" yesterday.
 Also they bought after the close yesterday, not over the last 50 trading days.
 The Kospi index gained for the first time in three days, after reaching the lowest level in more than five months, as exchange data show global funds sold $24 billion more local shares than they bought this year.
 Guggenheim, the Chicago-based investment company, was among a group of investors who bought a minority stake in Media Rights Capital from existing shareholders, said the people, who asked not to be named because the transaction is private.
 bought a stake.
 As many as 7 million people may be owed money over card and identity-protection products that were bought as early as January 2005, the UK.
 Whole Foods earlier this month said it bought seven Dominick’s grocery-store leases in the Chicago area from Safeway Inc.
 Investors have bought $596 million of securities tied to Valero in four offerings so far in February, the biggest monthly sales period since at least January 2010, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Wilson bought Esurance in 2011 to target customers who prefer to shop online.
 “We bought all the blueprints and specifications, brought them into the country,” and demonstrated “that we can take the blueprints and specifications” and replicate the engines if needed, Gass said.
 Billionaire John Malone bought a 27 percent stake in Charter last year through his holding company Liberty Media Corp.
 The bank bought MLC Ltd, its main wealth management business, in 2000 from Lend Lease Corp.
 Billionaire Masayoshi Son bought Sprint Corp.
 The measures, known as Abenomics, helped reduce the benchmark 10-year yield to 0595 percent today as the BOJ bought about 7 trillion yen ($68 billion) of sovereign notes a month.
 Albanese, 56, head of the second-biggest mine operator from 2007 to 2013, was among chiefs who quit after writing down assets bought during a commodity-price surge.
 Delta, United When Delta bought Northwest Airlines Corp.
 “Some of the Indian players who have invested in Australia may be better off exiting these investment even at a loss” GVK bought the coal assets in 2011 for $126 billion from Gina Rinehart, Asia’s richest woman, who retained a 21 percent stake in the Alpha mine.
 Adani, 51, who heads up India’s biggest power-station coal importer, bought the Carmichael project in 2010.
 TeliaSonera Chief Executive Officer Lars Nyberg resignedlast year after a law firm hired to investigate graftaccusations said TeliaSonera should have been more careful whenit bought its Uzbek phone license.
 TeliaSonera bought Uzbek mobile operator Ucell, a smallcompany with half a million subscribers, in 2007.
 boughtthe company in 1986 for about $43 billion, said Feb.
 Last year, a Cerberus-led group bought Supervalu’sAlbertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s and Star Market grocerystores in a deal valued at $33 billion.
 Tornqvist bought out Gennady Timchenko a day before the Russian was hit by US.
 Foreigners have bought a net $808 million of shares this year, the most in Asia after Indonesia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Foreigners bought a net $212 million of shares on March 6, the biggest single day purchase this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “I would have you take that with a grain of salt” In the Graham deal, known as a cash-rich split-off, Berkshire agreed to hand over about $109 billion in shares of Graham, which rose more than 100-fold since Buffett bought the stake in the 1970s.
 Times Property is marketing its notes, which can be bought back by the company after three years, at about 12875 percent, the person with knowledge of the details said.
 KKR hired Calbert in 2000 from Randall’s Food Markets Inc, where he was chief financial officer when KKR bought the company three years earlier, according to a biography on KKR’s website that has been removed.
 “Nate Taylor has been a key member of the retail team and we are confident he will continue KKR’s strong leadership in this space that has long benefited our investors” KKR, founded in 1976, started investing in retail companies when it bought grocery chain Fred Meyer Inc.
 Buying Opportunity “The yen tends to be bought on risk aversion and that would make you hesitate to buy into Japanese shares,” said Yusuke Kuwayama, a portfolio manager at Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co.
 The company bought Matthews, North Carolina-based supermarket Harris Teeter earlier this year in a transaction valued at about $246 billion.
 Supervalu bought more than 1,110 stores, while Cerberus led a group that separately picked up 655 stores, mostly in Florida and the West.
 Last year, the Cerberus-led group bought Supervalu’s Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s and Star Market grocery stores in a deal valued at $33 billion.
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad, which Buffett bought in 2010, contributed $112 billion to quarterly earnings, compared with $932 million a year earlier.
 Imperial Tobacco, which bought Dragonite International Ltd’s e-cigarette unit for $75 million in September, said it would launch two new products in 2014 as more smokers switch to so-called vaping.
 bought 65 percent of Hyundai Capital’s $500 million issue of three-year floating-rate notes, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Cadiz bought a patchwork of plots from the railroads, amassing 34,000 acres in the Cadiz and Fenner valleys, plus 11,000 elsewhere in the Mojave.
 bought Blyth Eastman Dillon and turned it into a wholly owned unit, Blyth Eastman Dillon Paine Webber Inc.
 Some lenders are also facing protests from disgruntled investors that bought failed trust products they distributed.
 Global funds bought $76 million more stocks than they sold in the first two days of this week, exchange data show, helping push the benchmark SET Index of stocks to the highest close since mid-December today.
 Bain and Golden Gate were viewed as the frontrunner because they could combine the company with its larger peer BMC Software Inc, which the group bought for $69 billion in May Compuware hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 The company in February bought two wind farms in Ireland from Element Power and said it’s exploring other opportunities with the company.
 electricity producer, bought rooftop solar installer Roof Diagnostics Solar Inc.
 “Blue chips and exporters will be bought because of the weaker yen,” said Toshiaki Iwasaki, an analyst at Mito Securities Co.
 Barcelona-based Mediapro said in an e-mailed statement it bought the free-to-air and pay-TV rights for the regions, excluding Brazil, from 2015 to 2019, without disclosing financial terms.
 Sherman’s photo “Untitled #93,” which Sender bought in 1998, is estimated at $2 million to $3 million, according to Sotheby’s.
 Gentera also operates in Guatemala and Peru, where it bought control of microfinance company Financiera Creditos Arequipa in 2011.
 If more than 5 percent of shareholders ask to be bought out, CSAV may call off the deal, CEO Oscar Hasbun said at the time.
 Bond Collateral The company’s $160 million of securities due 2018 are secured by the OSA Goliath, which was bought from a unit of Minneapolis-based CarVal Investors LLC with proceeds of the offering.
 In 2011, Vivendi bought full control of SFR, paying Vodafone Group Plc about 8 billion euros for its 44 percent stake, valuing the carrier at 18 billion euros at the time.
 In March 2013, he bought 124 million shares at $4436, while ESL sold 124 million shares for the same price.
 In January 2013, he spent $136 million to buy 332,048 shares, and in September 2012, he bought 24 million shares while ESL sold 24 million shares.
 Richard Sears, a Minnesota railway agent, bought a load of watches being returned to their maker in 1886, according to the company’s website.
 Overseas funds bought a net $183 million of Indian shares on March 19, extending this year’s inflows to $176 billion, the most in Asia after Indonesia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 MAG, which also operates East Midlands and Bournemouth airports, bought Stansted from BAA Ltd.
 The Luxembourg-based company bought its Ukrainian assets from the country’s government for about $48 billion in 2005.
 Google, operator of the world’s biggest Internet search engine, bought YouTube in 2006 for $165 billion.
 before it was bought in 2004 by National Oilwell Inc.
 As part of a consortium, Cheung Kong Infrastructure bought UK’s Northumbrian Water Group for $75 billion in 2011.
 Fed Bank of Dallas President Richard Fisher, a former managing partner of a fund that bought distressed debt, said in a January speech that he’d “have to hire Sherlock Holmes to find a single distressed company priced attractively enough to buy” “Things seem somewhat calm, but that’s part of the difficulty with this job is trying to predict what might happen,” said Sabur Moini, a high-yield money manager at Payden & Rygel in Los Angeles.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Freddie Mac is planning to sell $966 million of bonds tied to the risk of homeowner defaults after investors that bought in earlier sales reaped gains, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction.
 Overseas investors have bought a net $5959 million of shares this year, the most in Asia after Indonesia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Foreigners bought a net $1246 million of shares on March 5, the most since Jan.
 Caesars, bought for $307 billion in a 2008 leveraged buyout led by Apollo Global Management LLC and TPG Capital LP, has struggled since then to reduce its debt load as Americans cut back their gambling spending.
 United said in a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday that New York-based Baron bought 241 percent of the shares floated in 2012 by its owners, the Glazer family.
 Frutarom, the world’s seventh-largest maker of flavors, bought 29 companies since 2001, according to company data.
 Frutarom in February bought Florida-based Citrasource for $75 million, its first purchase this year.
 Global funds bought a net $730 million of Indian shares and $16 billion of rupee-denominated debt this month through March 13, exchange data show.
 Yeung was chairman of Grandtop International Holdings Ltd, which in 2007 bought a 299 percent stake in Birmingham City for 15 million pounds ($25 million).
 He bought the rest of the club in 2009 for 815 million pounds, and Grandtop changed its name to Birmingham International Holdings.
 He testified he bought an HK$6 million Maybach car and a HK$49 million 88-foot yacht.
 Kevin Maher, a New York resident who said he bought and sold gold, gold futures and options, sued March 4 in Manhattan federal court claiming the five banks overseeing the century-old benchmark colluded to manipulate it.
 Cox Enterprises this year bought a 25 percent stake in AutoTrader Group from Providence Equity Partners for about 6 times revenue, the data show.
 Investors bought into him leading this turnaround, so the fact that now he gets fired at this critical juncture, I view it as a major black eye” Symantec shares fell $271 to $1820 at the close in New York, the biggest decline since July 2009.
 That includes about 29,000 at HJ Heinz Co, the food company that Berkshire bought last year with Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G Capital.
 Investors in Singapore bought about 90 percent of Singapore Airlines’ bonds, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Global funds bought a net $168 million of Thai equities this month through yesterday and poured $552 million into bonds.
 Pricey Purchase Under Mayer’s watch, Yahoo bought Tumblr in May for $11 billion, which represented the richest valuation for a dot-com company since 2000, according to data compiled by Bloomberg on deals for which revenue figures were available.
 Technology companies are delaying share sales until they can more confidently tell their growth story to Wall Street, pushing investors that have historically bought into IPOs to get in earlier while the startups remain closely held.
 The company bought 260,000 tons in the last year.
 Picard contends the safe harbor doesn’t apply because Madoff never bought a single security with customers’ money.
 Court of Appeals in New Orleans allowed the Stanford suit to proceed because the customers bought certificates of deposit, which aren’t covered securities.
 He also can contend that just as customers’ expectations about buying securities didn’t carry the day in Troice, they shouldn’t govern in the Madoff case, where no securities ever were bought.
 The lenders contend he bought $1 billion in LightSquared debt, intending to drop his buyout offer unless another bidder appeared at auction offering more.
 Had there been a higher offer, Ergen could have made a profit from the debt he bought.
 A husband and wife bought a home years before filing in Chapter 13.
 Foreign funds have bought $93 billion of local shares and bonds this year, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 They bought a net $3754 million of shares on Thursday, March 27, a 12th day of inflows.
 Babikian bought a boxy, modern Los Angeles house in 2010 for $22 million, according to real estate website Blockshoppercom.
 Baidu Inc, owner of China’s biggest search engine, bought a 59 percent stake in Renren’s Nuomicom group buying site in August, about a month after announcing it will acquire 91 Wireless Websoft Ltd.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 388 percent of the bonds.
 Blackstone bought Vivint in 2012 for $2 billion.
March 19 (Bloomberg) -- OMV AG, Austria’s biggest oil and gas company, bought stakes in four licenses in the West of Shetland area off the UK.
 The state accuses S&P of using “magic numbers” to inflate ratings of mortgage-backed securities bought by the California Public Employees’ Retirement System and the state’s teacher pension fund.
 AAA Ratings The California pension systems bought the securities because they had received AAA ratings, signaling they were low-risk, California Attorney General Kamala Harris said in the lawsuit.
 Foreign investors bought Canadian stocks and sold government debt in January, Statistics Canada data show.
 “There is no allegation, and we are aware of no evidence, that anyone has been harmed by the conduct at issue” Alico’s Operations Alico has operations in Asia and Europe and used personnel in New York to solicit business from companies that bought protection for employees overseas, according to District Attorney Cyrus R.
 Overseas funds bought a net $328 million of Indian shares on March 3, extending this year’s inflow to $440 million, the most in Asia after Indonesia, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 They bought $20 billion last year.
 paced gains for developers after the China Securities Journal reported its president bought one million shares in the secondary market.
March 26 (Bloomberg) -- Altana AG, the chemical-maker that bought Rockwood Holding Inc’s clay-additives unit last year for $635 million, will achieve half of its target of doubling sales by the end of the decade via acquisitions, according to Chief Executive Officer Matthias Wolfgruber.
 Overseas funds bought a net $228 million of Indian shares on March 14, extending this year’s purchases to $16 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “We have posted a Consumer Alert on our website, wwwmyallicom, and issued a news release with information and photographs to help consumers determine if their Alli is authentic” Dozen Complaints Reports about possible tampering came from about a dozen consumers who had bought 20 bottles in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina and Texas, said spokeswoman Deborah Bolding by phone.
 The wealth manager bought more shares of companies including ABB Ltd.
 bought in December for $50 million, Casares said.
 Instagram, which Facebook bought for more than $700 million in 2012, only rolled out advertising five months ago with brands such as Lexus and Ben & Jerry’s.
 “But finally, he agreed a few hours ago to go ahead” Emperor Allegory Eskenazi, who bought the cup for almost HK$30 million in 1999, sold it one year later to its present owner.
 of Japan, which bought a 70 percent stake in the company for 200 billion yen in 2012.
March 19 (Bloomberg) -- Stockland, Australia’s biggest diversified property trust, bought a 199 percent stake in Australand Property Group as Southeast Asia’s largest developer CapitaLand Ltd.
 Overseas funds bought a net $1486 million of Indian shares on March 12, extending this year’s inflows to $103 billion, the most in Asia after Taiwan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Albayrak Group, which bought the manufacturer in 2005, raised 120 million liras ($54 million) in an initial public offering seven years later as it sold 26 percent of equity.
 Johns, a retired postal worker from Rincon, Georgia, said he sold his MLP investments within a year because he realized he didn’t really know what he’d bought.
 “The classification difference does not make any difference to the bottom line” Richard Kinder said he’s bought 1 million more shares of the partnership since September.
 “We’ve sold shares where the strategic interest no longerexists and we’ve bought shares in companies we have wanted tosupport for one reason or another -- where we’ve deemed itimportant to keep certain production or jobs in Finland,”Haavisto said in an interview.
 grocery-store chain, agreed to be bought by Cerberus Capital Management LP’s Albertsons in a deal valued at about $92 billion, creating a bigger competitor to Kroger Co.
 The company earlier this year bought Matthews, North Carolina-based supermarket Harris Teeter in a transaction valued at about $246 billion.
 Cerberus, a New York-based private-equity firm, led an investor group last year that bought the Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s and Star Market grocery stores from Supervalu Inc.
 Customers include basmati-rice exporter KRBL Ltd, which has bought 15 megawatts of capacity, and gearbox maker Deepak Industries Ltd.
 Gryphon bought Ann’s House of Nuts and Amport Foods and rolled the businesses into a newly formed holding company Flagstone in 2010.
 A group of Korean investors led by Korea Post bought the 49-story office tower at 161 N.
 bought French rival Pechiney SA a decade ago, eventually breaking it up and shutting plants.
 hedge fund, bought 8 percent of the company.
 India bought six C-130J aircrafts in 2011 and plans to buy six more.
 bought a 10 percent stake in the project last year.
 Finance Minister and Petrobras Chairman Guido Mantega is being called upon to testify before a lower-house commission on the 2006 purchase of the Pasadena refinery from Astra Oil Trading NV, which bought the plant a year before for $425 million.
 While the company previously bought a key ingredient for Nexium sold in the US.
 Harper’s government championed the Montreal-based firm as a potential fourth carrier after it bought wireless spectrum across the country in a February auction.
 The painting was bought by EON’s predecessor company Veba AG for about 1 million Deutsche marks ($500,000) in 1980.
 Schmela bought the painting from the Knoedler Gallery in New York in the 1970s.
 “We continue to hold significant cash and cash equivalents earning very low yields” Mars last year retired bonds bought by Berkshire that paid 1145 percent interest.
 Albanese, a mining engineer by training, departed from the London-based company after writing down $14 billion on assets including Alcan Inc, the aluminum producer it bought for $38 billion in 2007.
 A revamped XC90 sport-utility vehicle, Volvo’s first model developed since Geely bought the Swedish company from Ford Motor Co.
 It added oilfield operations in northern Iraq last year and bought UK.
 She liked it so much, she bought more.
 In the 24 years since P&G bought the brand from Shulton Co, Old Spice grew from a regional label with $100 million in annual sales to a global product with $500 million, according to Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller.
 Last year, Tradeweb Markets LLC, creator of fixed-income and derivatives electronic marketplaces, bought BondDesk Group LLC, obtaining the company’s individual wealth-management and bond-trading technology.
 bought Euromedic’s dialysis-services business in a deal valued at 485 million euros.
 The securities were unwound less than two years after the towns bought them because credit spreads kept increasing, exhausting their cash value, according to court filings.
 bought Petrohawk for $15 billion.
 24 it bought “a significant majority stake” in Kenyan insurer, Cannon Assurance Ltd.
 Another competitor, Baidu Inc, the country’s biggest search-engine operator, bought Internet video business PPStream Inc.
 Danske Bank’s notes, which can be bought back by the Copenhagen-based lender after six years, will pay a coupon of 575 percent, according to a person familiar with the sale.
 The notes, to be rated Ba3 by Moody’s, can be bought back by the Madrid-based company after four years.
 Following the energy crisis of the 1970s, 32 cities and towns bought shares of power plants to ensure their supply, through a non-profit called North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency.
 Portugal’s bonds rose as the country bought back debt.
 Bond Buyback The Lisbon-based debt agency, known as IGCP, bought back a combined 132 billion euros of bonds maturing in October 2014 and October 2015 in a reverse auction on Feb.
 in the mid-1960s developed electronic tracking tags for retailers, and Mashaal’s father, Victor, bought the Canadian license for the equipment.
 Senvest Partners first bought Radian in 2010, Gonick says, later paying as little as $2 a share.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- OAO Bashneft bought Siberian producer Burneftegaz LLC for more than $1 billion as the oil company controlled by billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov tries to match crude output with refining capacity.
 reported that Tencent bought a 20 percent stake in the company.
 Prokhorov bought 80 percent of the Nets and a 45 percent stake in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn from developer Bruce Ratner for $200 million in 2010.
 bought Sweden’s Volvo Cars in 2010 and Manganese Bronze, the maker of London’s iconic black taxis, in 2013.
 and two other coal-burning electric utilities bought $90,000 worth of credits in a pilot program designed to reduce fertilizer-laden runoff from farmland.
 Bidder Participation Indirect bidders, a class of investor that includes foreign central banks, bought 414 percent of the notes.
 The brand lost luster after Neiman Marcus Group LLC bought majority control in 1999.
 automaker on behalf of anyone who bought its stock from Nov.
 bought Bear Stearnsin March 2008, when the latter was on the brink of failure, andsix months later Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 Indian stocks have drawn the biggest net inflow in Asia this year after data showed yesterday that international investors bought a net $4383 million of the nation’s shares on March 7, the most since Dec.
 International investors have bought a net $125 billion of Indian stocks this year.
 It bought a 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce site JDcom Inc.
 Kevin Maher, a New York resident who said he bought and sold gold and gold futures and options, sued yesterday in Manhattan federal court claiming the five banks overseeing the century-old benchmark colluded to manipulate it.
 Canada bought the 7 million square kilometers (27 million square miles) that covers present-day Manitoba, most of Saskatchewan, and parts of Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and Nunavut, for C$15 million in 1869, two years after the country was established.
 Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways PJSC bought a 24 percent stake in the carrier last year for 206 billion rupees as it seeks to build the sheikhdom into an intercontinental transfer hub.
March 5 (Bloomberg) -- Investors bought a record 18 billion pounds ($3 billion) of property leased to UK.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 155 percent at the sale, compared with 166 percent last month and an average of 16 percent at the past 10 offerings.
 Primary dealers bought 546 percent of the notes, the highest since June, compared with 413 percent at the February sale that was the lowest level since August 2011.
 Customers are eligible for payments if they bought e-books from the publishers from April 1, 2010, to May 21, 2012, according to Schneiderman’s office.
 The rest is bought and sold in long-term supply contracts with prices typically linked to the cost of crude oil.
 BNP bought a 51 percent stake in Ukrsibbank in 2006 and owns about 85 percent.
 In 2010, SAP bought database and mobile device software maker Sybase Inc.
 It bought SuccessFactors Inc, a top maker of online HR software in 2012 for $33 billion.
 Wessex Water was bought by YTL Power International Bhd of Kuala Lumpur in 2002.
March 13 (Bloomberg) -- When Philip Blackwood of Lincroft, New Jersey, bought his Tesla Model S electric sedan from Tesla Motors Inc.
 He bought it for $73,000 a year ago, he said, after first making reservations on the manufacturer’s Internet site.
 Last year, Colombia bought 74,000 barrels a day of distillate fuel, including heating oil and diesel, from the US, the most in Energy Information Administration data going back to 1993.
 Zillow, which bought StreetEasy for $50 million and made the service free earlier this year, is seeking to boost the site’s mobile usage as a growing number of New York apartment hunters search for property information on their phones and other devices.
 The site was lagging behind in attracting mobile traffic before Zillow bought the company and the goal is to change that, said Susan Daimler, who took over as general manager of StreetEasy after previously serving as general manager of Zillow New York.
 DreamWorks Animation, producer of the “Shrek” movies, bought AwesomenessTV, a smaller competitor of Maker Studios, for $33 million plus as much as $117 million in incentives last year.
 Synaptics bought rival Validity last year for $925 million.
March 19 (Bloomberg) -- Arbitrators appointed by the Spanish government are considering claims that might leave rescued lenders Bankia SA, NCG Banco and Catalunya Banc liable to pay compensation to individual investors who bought as much as 31 billion euros ($43 billion) of junior debt.
 Blackstone Group LP last year bought a controlling stake in Maldivian Air Taxi and Trans Maldivian Airways, who together operate the world’s largest seaplane fleet.
 A yellow Los Angeles Lakers jersey featuring the name and number of Kobe Bryant can be bought for the equivalent of $1050 on Taobao, with the vendor given three blue crowns, a mid-level rating based on its system.
 In 2009, a group led by Silver Lake bought a majority stake in Skype, valuing the company at $275 billion.
 Kingfisher first bought a stake in Hornbach in November 2001 and increased it to 212 percent in October 2002, spurring speculation at the time that it planned to make a full bid.
 In 1973 Nestle bought Stouffer Corp, then in 1981 it unveiled Lean Cuisine, a lower-calorie version of Stouffer’s meals.
 Global funds bought $1 billion more Taiwanese equities than they sold this week, exchange data show.
 Italian regions from Piedmont to the southern tip of Sicily have lost money on derivatives they bought to adjust interest rates on borrowed money.
 One Canadian dollar bought 8898 US.
 To compete with Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan bought UBS AG’s global agriculture and Canadian commodities units in 2009, and part of commodities trader RBS Sempra in 2010.
 Overseas investors bought a net $123 million of shares on March 25, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 While ETFs are similar to passively managed mutual funds that track indexes of equities, bonds or commodities, they are bought and sold on exchanges during the trading day like shares of companies.
 In 2012, Dalian Wanda Group Co, operator of China’s largest theater chain, bought exhibitor AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc.
 firm bought the bankrupt company’s US.
 The utility last month reported 2013 net income rose 5 percent to 575 billion pesos ($129 million) as customers bought more water.
 Crealta Pharmaceuticals LLC bought the business.
 “In the short-term, we’ve been overbought here for a while since the market went straight up in February” Gold producers led gains today with the S&P/TSX Gold Index surging 33 percent for a second day of gains, as all 23 stocks in the gauge advanced.
 While leading the group, he bought chipmaker Atheros for $31 billion in 2011, in Qualcomm’s largest acquisition.
 Canada’s Public Sector Pension Investment Board bought 45 percent of Polat Enerji Sanayi & Ticaret AS, a Turkish wind power operator, in January.
 Lesaffre et Cie SA bought yeast maker Dosu Maya Mayacilik AS for $220 million in the same month.
 bought the stake on March 24, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Al Hokair, which operates in 20 countries including in the former Soviet states and North Africa, bought Spanish retailer Blanco for 11 million euros ($15 million), Cass said.
 Like fashion websites that suggest matching sandals for the dress you’ve bought, Alexander & James pairs glassware to spirits for the perfect pour.
 and Punjab State Power Corp, sell power at a loss, after having bought it from generators using ever increasing debt.
 The nation’s real estate investment trusts, or J-REITs, bought property worth 223 trillion yen ($22 billion) in 2013, making them the biggest buyers of the assets, according to the Association for Real Estate Securitization.
 Vodafone Valuation In 2011, Vivendi bought full control of SFR, paying Vodafone Group Plc about 8 billion euros for its 44 percent stake, valuing the carrier at 18 billion euros at the time.
 QNB bought 97 percent of the lender in March last year from Societe Generale SA for $245 billion.
 “There used to be a lot of speculative money in Sanya’s property market, but what’s driving the market today is real demand for holiday homes” More than 80 percent of property agent Wei Yongfeng’s clients last year said they bought homes in the city for its clean air.
 The Aussie bought 9024 US.
 Investors Benefit Investors who bought into the IPOs benefited from a rally in health-care stocks, with the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index more than tripling over the past three years.
 The company bought Faberge Ltd.
 The Russian energy company may start a pilot project for 10 megawatts of wind generation in Kaliningrad as early as next year if Russia reduces restrictions requiring equipment to be bought locally, Maxim Karnaukhov, first deputy general director of Lukoil-Ecoenergo, said in an interview.
 Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said the institution will not sell all of the 375 billion pounds ($622 billion) of gilts it bought under its asset-purchase plan.
 Shell bought 122 million for $9753.
 Marathon bought 12 million barrels at an average cost of $9906.
 Mercuria bought 40,000 barrels for $9540 each.
 The Lloyd’s insurer was bought by Apollo and CVC for about 888 million pounds in 2011.
 Even ICE CEO Jeff Sprecher, who bought the New York Stock Exchange in November, has expressed disdain for the practice.
 White wrote in “Comeback: The Fall and Rise of the American Automobile Industry” No Trophy Ford bought the Detroit Lions of the National Football League in November 1963 and took over in 1964; the team never became champions on his watch and posted only 14 winning seasons.
 AngloGold last year bought two shafts from the Blyvooruitzicht mine southwest of Johannesburg to pump out water that was affecting its nearby Savuka mine, the company said today in an e-mail.
 When the company bought African Platinum Plc and acquired Leeuwkop in 2007, a labor-intensive approach was considered for the prospect, said Johan Theron, an Impala spokesman.
 Now that Time Warner Cable has agreed to be bought by Comcast Corp, Liberty is taking another approach to fund cable deals.
 German insurers are being squeezed by investments they bought when interest rates were higher and a legal requirement to pay into an interest-rate reserve created in 2011 to bolster policies sold in the past with guaranteed returns of more than 35 percent.
 The properties that were bought and sold had a total value of $38 billion last year, or 46 percent of all single-family home sales, RealtyTrac said.
 “Speculative fever” by flippers who bought homes with little or no down payment and plans to sell quickly fueled the real estate frenzy and compounded the price plunge that followed, according to Robert Shiller, the Yale University professor who won a Nobel Prize last year.
 “Even if they bought the property and did no work, the probability of it falling more than their 20 percent down payment is pretty low” Auctioncom, an Irvine, California-based company that sold $7 billion of real estate online last year, has $170 million in short-term loans for flippers and other home investors.
 “We’re not building as many new houses, but we have reached a point where there are thousands and thousands of functionally obsolete houses that were built in the ’40s and ’50s and ’60s and they need to be redone” Hebner said rising home prices and mortgage rates have cooled demand since last year, when he bought his 1937 bungalow.
 reported that Tencent Holdings Ltd, Asia’s largest Internet company, bought a 20 percent stake in the Chinese video website.
 Conference Meeting Chiquita started more than 140 years ago when Captain Lorenzo Dow Barker bought 160 bunches of bananas in Jamaica, sailed to Jersey City in 11 days and sold them for a profit.
 The Baar, Switzerland-based company has bought 144 percent of Brazilian iron-ore producer Ferrous Resources do Brasil.
 bought 3 percent less crude oil from Saudi Arabia in 2013 compared to the previous year, while imports from OPEC fell more than 13 percent, according to EIA data.
 Overseas funds bought a net $914 million of Indian shares on Feb.
 They bought $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, the data show.
 Delphi bought Eaton’s switch division in 2001.
 Sales were 1645 million euros when KKR bought the company.
 Fiat bought full control of Chrysler in January as part of Marchionne’s strategy to merge the two regional players into a manufacturer with the scale to challenge the likes of General Motors Co.
 Since starting its third round of quantitative easing in September 2012, the central bank has bought $655 billion of Treasuries, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Caesars has since sold assets, bought back debt at a discount, sold stock to the public and refinanced loans.
 said yesterday that “the market could be nearing the trough of the selloff” OAO Novatek bought 25 million shares between March 11 and March 14, according to a March 17 statement.
 OAO Rosneft’s CEO Igor Sechin and top managers bought the oil producer’s shares after the drop, the company’s press service said by phone.
 Through separate ventures, he has also bought 12 Ultramax dry-bulk carriers with options for eight more, eight stainless-steel chemical tankers that can hold 30 different cargoes, two Newcastlemax coal carriers, and 13 other chemical and crude-oil tankers, he said.
 Chevron, which bought Texaco in 2001, claims the company already paid $40 million to clean up its share of the drilling contamination.
 That task has only gotten tougher since gold fell last year by the most in more than three decades, reducing the chances that so-called juniors would get funding from, or be bought by, larger miners.
 Rooftop Helipad The property, with a rooftop helipad, includes eight almost 10,000-square-foot full-floor units, and three of them had been bought as of earlier this week, said Louis Birdman, the tower’s co-developer.
 InBev NV bought Anheuser-Busch Cos.
 The Fed bought $254 billion of Treasuries today due from December 2019 to February 2021 under its quantitative-easing stimulus strategy to hold down borrowing costs and fuel economic growth.
 Co-Operative Bank abandoned its bid last year, disclosed a 15 billion-pound ($25 billion) capital shortfall and faces a formal investigation by regulators amid allegations its former chairman bought drugs.
 The longest was a four-year period that ended in 2007 when Estee Lauder bought closely held Ojon Corp, a Canadian hair-care company, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Global investors sold $307 million more local stocks than they bought yesterday, the largest net outflow in a month, after data showed a trade deficit of $431 million, compared with the $421 million surplus estimated by economists surveyed by Bloomberg and the $15 billion excess in December.
 “The rupiah was supported by the inflation data yesterday, as foreign investors probably bought local bonds” Inflation slowed to 775 percent in February, the least since June, an official report showed.
 Caesars has sold stock to the public, divested assets, bought back debt and restructured loans.
 “Over a number of months he bought a number of other firearms” after ordering a Smith & Wesson 500, Sean Rens told the High Court today in Pretoria, South Africa’s capital.
 It’s a win-win for the big players” Alliance Boots Walgreen bought 45 percent of Alliance Boots in August 2012, giving it the option to acquire the rest of Europe’s largest pharmacy chain within three years.
 Jive, founded in 2010, bought a portfolio of 816 million reais ($350 million) of assets from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 Jive also created three hedge funds that now have 45 million reais under management, and it bought 45 percent of SP Ventures, a firm that will manage a fund of 100 million reais from the Sao Paulo State government to invest in startups for technology companies focused on agribusiness, health care, information-services and nanotechnology.
 The company, which provides insurance and reinsurance and focuses on property, casualty and energy coverage, was bought by Apollo and CVC for about 888 million pounds ($148 billion) in 2011.
 The state said that although the company may have as many as 1,400 desktop computers in its Chinese facilities, it has bought fewer than 400 software licenses and the law requires one license per computer.
 In addition to the state’s injection of capital, junior bank bondholders lost about 15 billion euros and private investors bought 31 billion euros of shares saving the financial system.
 Google bought ad exchange operator AdMeld Inc.
 bought Inmet Mining Corp.
 Initial investors, including hedge funds that bought most of the tax-exempt bonds, saw gains of as much as 75 percent during the first two trading days.
 Individual investors bought about 62 percent of the general obligations and 40 percent of the public-works deal, according to Tom Dresslar, a spokesman for California Treasurer Bill Lockyer.
 gets about 65 percent of its revenue from selling giant solar farms to utilities, a market that’s slowing after its best customers bought all the clean energy they need.
 Chief Executive Officer Jim Hughes is pushing for more sales overseas and bought a company last year that will tap the rooftop market in Japan.
 TetraSun, the rooftop business it bought last year, is targeting Japan, which is forecast to be the second largest market for solar after China this year.
 Starbucks bought Teavana Holdings Inc.
 Investors bought into him leading this turnaround, so the fact that now he gets fired at this critical juncture, I view it as a major black eye” Symantec shares fell to $1825 at 10:08 am.
 United Spirits bought Whyte & Mackay, the maker of Scotch whisky including Jura and The Dalmore, for 595 million pounds in 2007.
 The New Delhi-based company bought a controlling stake in Corrimal, New South Wales-based Wollongong Coal Ltd, which operates two coking coal mines in Australia and produces about 15 million tons a year.
 Last month, it bought a 20 percent stake in Dianpingcom, the operator of a Yelp-like website in China, to strengthen location-based services.
 Though the latest bonds included covenants to protect bondholders losing out in a boardroom battle, that wasn’t why Derek Brown, who oversees C$56 billion as a senior portfolio manager at Fiera Capital Corp, bought the bonds.
 Recent additions to Avincis include UK-based Bond Aviation, operator of the Eurocopter EC135 helicopter that crashed into a Glasgow pub in November killing nine people, which was bought for 259 million pounds in 2011.
 The Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania-based company, which said the Pennsylvania deal and planned infrastructure improvements would total about $57 million, earlier this year bought four water and wastewater systems through its unit in Virginia.
 in Ottawa, said he bought Suncor shares on speculation dividend payments will increase.
 *** We bought our first house almost four years ago and it remains the scariest thing we’ve ever done, except for that one night in 1981 with a Van Halen roadie and his girlfriend and writing this column.
 IPO Considered Dave & Buster’s was bought by Oak Hill for $570 million in cash in June 2010.
 One Canadian dollar bought 9071 US.
 He bought a condo at the Plaza Hotel for $113 million in 2007, property records show.
 While that’s short of the record HK$8550 the stock reached in October 2009, it’s still profitable for MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co, the unit of Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway that bought 225 million Hong Kong-listed shares of BYD for HK$8 each about five years ago.
 economy recovered and Chinese consumers bought more of the stones.
 The BOE rejected all bids that day for notes due August 2017, citing “significant changes in its yields in the run up to the auction” Quantitative Easing Stevenson bought 331 million pounds of the gilts that day, the first day of the second round of quantitative easing, a program designed to spur growth by capping bond yields and improving liquidity.
 He also said demand for British longer-dated government debt, which are bought by insurers to match long term liabilities, will drop.
 The Sensex’s 14-day relative-strength index climbed to 748 on March 7, above the threshold of 70 that some investors consider to be an overbought level.
 “We expect the markets to remain in a positive frame till the election given that the foreign inflows have been very strong” Overseas funds bought a net $212 million of Indian shares on March 6, extending this year’s inflows to $8078 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 They bought $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, the data show.
 Last year, If bought Danish insurer Tryg A/S’s Finnish property and casualty insurance operations.
 Investcorp bought CEME, which is best known in Italy for making components for espresso machines, from Equistone Partners Europe Ltd, then Barclays Private Equity, in 2008 for an undisclosed sum.
 A California man, James Price, bought the nose of a Boeing 737 from an airplane scrapyard and recreated its cockpit in his garage, adding video monitors showing runways and terrain as it flies, according to his website.
 Rooftop Helipad The property, with a rooftop helipad, includes eight almost 10,000-square-foot full-floor units, and three of them have been bought, said Louis Birdman, the tower’s co-developer.
 “The government still needs to conduct more inspections, but the smelter will be operating at full capacity in two weeks” Dundee bought the smelter from Weatherly International Plc in 2010 and it is one of five commercial-scale smelters in Africa, according to the company’s website.
 The founder of Geely, which last year bought London black-cab maker Manganese Bronze Holdings Plc, proposed that China should allow free competition in the taxi market, including removing local protectionism to allow taxi operators to choose the brands they want regardless of where they are made.
 The trader bought 150,000 bullish contracts on the VIX expiring in May with a strike price of 22, while selling the same number of May 30 calls in a strategy known as a call spread, according to New York-based Miller Tabak & Co.
 Overseas investors have plowed $16 billion into domestic stocks and bought $63 billion of local debt, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Portugal Buyback Portugal’s bonds rose as the nation bought back 50 million euros of government debt due in October 2015 today.
 bought French rival Pechiney SA a decade ago, eventually breaking it up and shutting plants.
 The company bought by private-equity owner Eurazeo SA in 2007 will appear before a London judge next week as it seeks to extend borrowings due in April, according to two people familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because they’re not authorized to speak about it.
 Paris-based Eurazeo bought Apcoa for 885 million euros in 2007 using 660 million of loans.
 Centerbridge bought some of Apcoa’s debt from other lenders last year and had at least 200 million euros of the loans in November, people with knowledge of the matter said at the time.
 Overseas funds bought a net $979 million of Indian shares on Feb.
 Starbucks bought Teavana Holdings Inc.
 Foreign investors bought a net 72 billion pounds of gilts in February, the central bank said.
 The appeals panel also threw out her ruling that the fund couldn’t represent investors in offerings of the securities it hadn’t bought itself.
 Judge Reversed In the federal case, the Detroit pension fund filed a separate lawsuit in 2010 on behalf of investors that bought securities from the trust for which Cedarbaum had said NECA couldn’t bring claims.
 Ford first bought the preferred shares in 2011 when they traded at 4 cents on the dollar and started acquiring the common shares last year.
 provided half the amount when it bought a 15 percent stake in the firm just before Fortress went public.
 Matomy bought MediaWhiz Holdings Inc.
 Deutsche Bank bought a stake in Kenanga from John Hancock International Holdings Inc.
 To diversify and become more global, Freelancer has bought 11 companies since its creation in 2009.
 “If you bought now and rates took another leg up again, you’d be walking into the CEO’s office” to explain yourself.
 Gains Seen Leucadia bought a then-13 percent common-equity stake in Harbinger Group from Falcone’s funds in September, paying $850 a share, 16 percent below the closing price the day the sale was announced.
 Reviewing Terms The Goliath, which Oceanografia bought from a unit of CarVal Investors LLC with proceeds from the bond sale, has a value of $245 million, according to estimates from independent shipbrokers Kennedy Marr Ltd.
 Wanxiang Group bought the company in January 2013.
 Health and Human Services secretary, said March 13 that while premiums for health plans sold on the Obamacare insurance exchanges would rise next year, the increases would be “far less significant than they were before the passage of the Affordable Care Act” Individuals who bought their own insurance in 2010 paid 13 percent more than in 2009, a Kaiser Family Foundation survey found.
 and Waddell & Reed Financial Inc, bought a 21 percent stake in Formula One from CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 Cinven, which bought Gondola in 2006, hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 In 2013, Morgan Stanley bought the remaining stake in the brokerage, which has more than 16,000 advisers and $191 trillion of client assets.
 It bought about $10 billion of foreign currency in November to weaken the koruna and capped its gains at around 27 per euro to fulfill its price-stability mandate.
 Foreign investors bought $440 million more Indian stocks than they sold this year through March 3, compared with a net purchase of $84 billion in the same period in 2013, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “Being bought by a company which the games developers don’t trust might hurt them” Blippar has turned down investments from Silicon Valley venture capital firms and rebuffed takeover approaches, Mitra said.
 Rosneft bought TNK-BP for $55 billion, using stock to pay for some of BP’s shares, catapulting it ahead of Exxon to make it the biggest publicly traded oil producer by volume.
 bought a controlling stake in the Indonesian company in 2005.
 Advent and Bain together own credit-card processor WorldPay Ltd, which they bought from Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc in 2010.
 Plug closed at 24 cents in New York on the day Air Liquide bought the 10,431 preferred shares.
 Market Vectors High Yield Municipal Index ETF, the largest high-yield muni ETF, and SPDR Nuveen S&P High Yield Municipal Bond ETF both bought, Bloomberg data show.
 Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s buyout unit, GS Capital Partners, and Quadrangle Capital Partners, which bought Get AS in 2007 for 58 billion kroner, are sounding out buyers about a sale process or potential initial public offering expected to start this year, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
 and Waddell & Reed Financial Inc, bought a 21 percent stake in Formula One from CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 which was was bought by Chase Manhattan in 2000.
 It bought Ghana’s Express Life Co.
 Developers in 2013 bought A$364 million ($329 million) of office buildings in Sydney to turn into apartments, according to Colliers International, which doesn’t track historical data on the value of properties sold for conversion.
 Far East Far East, Singapore’s biggest closely held developer, bought 227 Elizabeth Street in Sydney late last year.
 Far East has since bought a 23-story office building in Sydney’s center for A$1518 million from the New South Wales state government.
 Far East also bought two towers near Hyde Park from closely held developer Kyko Group for A$127 million.
 CBUS is also starting work on another development in Melbourne, demolishing an office building it bought about 3 1/2 years ago to create a high-end apartment tower overlooking the city’s Treasury Gardens, Pozzo said.
 Roche Donations Since August 2011, Roche has donated eight vials of Herceptin to patients in China’s eastern province of Jiangsu once they have bought six vials of the drug.
 Rosneft has grown to account for about 40 percent of Russian oil production after it bought the country’s third-largest producer, TNK-BP, last year.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire George Soros is among investors who bought shares in nationalized lender Bankia SA during a sale by the Spanish government last week, said a person familiar with the information.
 China Life has bought a plot of land in the eastern city of Suzhou to develop a “high-end retirement base,” he said without elaborating.
 7, just 18 months after his predecessor bought the eyewear business.
 Their predecessor Robert Rubin was a director at Citigroup when it bought Banamex.
 Foreigners have bought $88 billion of local shares and bonds this year, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, before the elections starting next month.
 Overseas investors bought a net $171 million of shares on March 26, taking this month’s stock inflows to $28 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 It is just that it is a competitive business” Electronic Trading While rival Goldman Sachs bought Hull Group Inc.
 The automaker last bought back stock in February 2009.
 That’s what befell Credit Suisse Group AG’s VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short-Term ETN in 2012, when investors became obsessed with using it to bet against stocks and bought so much that it came unhinged from its moorings in the futures market.
 The company has sold stock to the public, divested assets, bought back debt and restructured loans.
 Major League Soccer awarded Orlando an expansion team in November after Brazilian investor Flavio Augusto da Silva bought a majority stake in the franchise and signed an $84 million stadium deal with local officials.
 Purchasing a $2 cup of coffee with Bitcoins bought for $1 would trigger $1 in capital gains for the coffee drinker and $2 of gross income for the coffee shop.
 Others bought into the currency in early 2013, before its price rose more than 50-fold to peak at $1,200 in early December.
 Someone who bought a Bitcoin for $400 and sold it for $500 would have $100 in capital gains.
 Eydelman bought securities for himself, family members, friends and clients, including the cooperating witness, they said.
 bought 65 percent of Hyundai Capital Services’ $500 million issue of three-year floating-rate notes this month, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Axcel, which bought a controlling stake in Pandora in 2008 and later reduced its holding, is among shareholders paring investments in companies across Europe, the Middle East and Africa as buyers continue to bet on an economic recovery.
 bought Liffe, Europe’s second-largest derivatives market.
 said it bought part of high-speed trading firm Infinium Capital Holdings LLC, which former employees sued claiming they invested in the company without realizing its finances were deteriorating.
 Actively-managed ETFs combine the advantages of a stock or bond-picking manager with the tradability of an ETF, which can be bought or sold on an exchange throughout the day.
 AMG bought River Road from Aviva Plc, acquiring all of the insurer’s equity stake in the money manager.
 SolarCity, which bought online lending technology developed by Common Assets LLC, has a green track record with professional investors: It was the first US.
 Shares of Mando, which makes auto parts, tumbled to a record low in April last year after it bought a stake in construction affiliate Halla Corp.
 Mando bought 3785 billion won ($355 million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in the affiliate, then called Halla Engineering & Construction Corp, according to regulatory filings in April.
 Son is president of Tokyo-based wireless provider SoftBank Corp, which bought control last year of No.
 Representative Mark Takano, a Democrat from California’s Riverside County, who said large investors have bought thousands of foreclosed properties in his district, outbidding local buyers and helping turn owner-occupied neighborhoods into rental communities.
 Apollo bought the company in 2007.
 They represent at most 10 percent of the 2 million homes bought by investors in the last two years, according to Rahmani, the analyst.
 Angry Birds “We’ve sold shares where the strategic interest no longer exists and we’ve bought shares in companies we have wanted to support for one reason or another -- where we’ve deemed it important to keep certain production or jobs in Finland,” Haavisto said in an interview.
 Dutch pension funds APG Groep NV, PGGM NV and Australian superannuation funds bought a majority stake in LBC Terminals, which owns storage capacity in Europe, North America and China, last year from Australian fund manager Challenger Ltd.
 In 2012, Dalian Wanda Group Co, operator of China’s largest theater chain, bought exhibitor AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc.
 DreamWorks Animation, producer of the “Shrek” movies, bought AwesomenessTV, a smaller competitor of Maker Studios, for $33 million plus as much as $117 million in incentives last year.
 The 10 biggest derivatives clients in the world last year were fund managers and investors who traditionally bought and held stocks, Pringle said.
 Holders that voted against the tie-up or didn’t attend the vote will have until April 20 to say if they want to be bought out of the company.
 If more than 5 percent of shareholders ask to be bought out, CSAV may call off the deal, Hasbun said.
 The pension fund’s opposition traces back to a transaction last year, where Mando bought 3785 billion won ($355 million) of new shares in Meister, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, then called Halla Engineering & Construction.
 White wrote in “Comeback: The Fall and Rise of the American Automobile Industry” No Trophy Ford bought the Detroit Lions of the National Football League in November 1963 and took over in 1964; the team never became champions on his watch and posted only 14 winning seasons.
 RBS bought ABN Amro Bank’s Australian operations in 2007 and rebranded the unit as RBS Australia the following year.
 He bought a stake of about$100 million in Apple last year and sold it recently this year,according to Streshinskiy.
 Apple shares have advanced about 23 percent since March2013, when Usmanov first said he bought the stake.
 Usmanov, with a partner, bought about 10 percentof Facebook when the company was valued at $6 billion to $10billion and sold some shares in the IPO, which valued thecompany at $104 billion, the businessman told state televisionat the time.
 “We expect investors to pull some money off the table given the markets are still in the overbought zone,” Surya Narayan Nayak, head of equity research at Sun Capital Advisory Services Pvt, said by phone today.
 Overseas funds have bought a net $634 million of Indian stocks this year, the most in Asia after Indonesia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 They bought $20 billion in 2013.
 Overseas investors bought a net $693 million of Thai stocks yesterday, a fourth day of inflows and the biggest purchases in two months, according to the exchange data compiled by Bloomberg.
 That means buying more foreign currency” The Bank of Israel said in October that it would buy $35 billion this year to offset the effect of gas production on the balance of payments and would also continue to make purchases in reaction to fluctuations “not in line with fundamental economic conditions or when the foreign exchange market is disorderly” While the bank bought $17 billion in January, reversing the shekel trend, purchases in February dropped to $350 million, and the shekel gained 08 percent that month.
 Investors bought stocks that fell the most last week, with gauges of biotechnology and small-cap shares jumping at least 18 percent.
 The VAMC bought 393 trillion dong ($19 billion) worth of bad debt from 35 banks as of the end of 2013 and “will accelerate purchasing and resolving loans and collateral in the next few years,” Binh said.
 China Fishery bought the company in August in a deal which valued it at about $782 million at the time.
 Yanez, who bought the team in May 2013, hasn’t paid players for more than a month, according to a league press official who asked not to be named, citing league policy.
 In 2011, Vivendi bought full control of SFR, paying Vodafone Group Plc about 8 billion euros for its 44 percent stake, valuing the carrier at 18 billion euros at the time.
 One Canadian dollar bought 8898 UScents.
March 5 (Bloomberg) -- Biogen Idec Inc, maker of the multiple sclerosis drugs Avonex, Tysabri and Tecfidera, bought rights to Japan’s Eisai Co’s experimental Alzheimer’s disease medicines as it seeks to add treatments for brain disorders.
March 10 (Bloomberg) -- Vodafone Group Plc plans to use Kabel Deutschland Holding AG, the cable company it bought last year for more than $10 billion, as the “core” of its fixed-line business in Germany and potentially other countries, Chief Executive Officer Vittorio Colao said.
 Lorillard, the third-largest seller of cigarettes in the US, based in Greensboro, North Carolina, bought Blu in 2012 for $135 million in the first foray by a major cigarette maker into the electronic market.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 231 percent, versus an average of 114 percent for the past 10 auctions.
 Abramovich’s Ervington Investments bought 15 percent of the London-based company for 87 million pounds ($145 million) in October 2012.
 CEO Jeff Sprecher, whose firm bought the New York Stock Exchange in November, said last year that small investors are being ripped off by sophisticated traders.
 When Son bought the wireless business, it had about 15 percent of the market and 16 million subscribers.
 Tandy bought RadioShack in 1963, and the company changed its name to RadioShack Corp.
 In the 1990s, the retailer bought 100 Computer City stores and opened its Incredible Universe chain to expand into larger formats.
 Chevron, which bought Texaco in 2001, claims the company already paid $40 million to clean up its share of the drilling contamination.
 It bought Germany’s Preh GmbH in 2011, an acquisition that helped expand its business in Europe and domestically.
 AGL, of Atlanta, wants to make more acquisitions now that it has finished integrating Nicor Inc, the gas utility it bought in 2011, Hank Linginfelter, AGL’s executive vice president of operations, said in a presentation to analysts on March 7.
 Facebook bought photo-sharing service Instagram a few weeks after the 2012 conference, and Yahoo acquired Tumblr after last year’s event.
 Japan Tobacco, which bought Belgium’s Gryson NV for 475 million euros ($661 million) in 2012 to increase sales of roll-your-own tobacco, is seeking more acquisitions to expand in new markets, spokesman Dmitry Krivtsov said by telephone.
 to broaden its hedge-fund offerings, bought Metropolitan Real Estate Equity Management LLC as a property fund-of-funds operation, and added the remaining 40 percent of Dutch investment manager AlpInvest Partners NV.
 Japan bought 46,849 tons of US.
 International investors bought a net $2503 million of Indian shares on March 11 as foreign funds returned after the biggest net outflow in eight months the previous day.
 The revamped XC90, Volvo’s first model developed since Geely bought the Swedish company from Ford Motor Co.
 In 2012 and 2013, after gas prices cratered, Rice Energy Inc, backed by Hersh’s firm, bought drilling rights in the Marcellus shale formation in Pennsylvania.
 “Shares are being bought back after falling too much” Russian stocks and the ruble rallied yesterday even as the US.
 ‘No Different’ “This is no different than, I would assert, a shareholder case where somebody is saying yes, I bought shares within the class period and here’s my share,” he argued to Koh at the hearing.
 “You have to compare it to the company records to see the date when they bought it, to see that they are actually a shareholder” Hensler said in an interview last month that the plaintiffs’ lawyers faced “a very steep hurdle,” to proceed with a group case, adding that only 10 percent to 20 percent of all cases filed as class-actions are allowed to go forward.
 “For the guys who bought it, it’s obviously meaningful” For Whitecap, also based in Calgary, the acquisition “greatly enhances our sustainable dividend-growth model and is accretive on all key measures both in 2014 and 2015,” the company said in a separate statement.
March 12 (Bloomberg) -- The Nuerburgring, the German race track known as Green Hell for its challenging Formula One course, was bought by an auto-parts maker two years after the former owner and operator filed for bankruptcy protection.
 The Israeli leader is scheduled to sign a trade agreement with California Governor Jerry Brown at Stanford University today and then visit the campus of Apple Inc, which last year bought Israel’s PrimeSense Ltd, a maker of motion-tracking chip technology, for $350 million.
 China may start a trial of allowing some large stocks to be bought and sold on the same day, the Shanghai Securities News reported on its website, citing China Securities Regulatory Commission Chairman Xiao Gang.
 The company alleged that Ergen bought debt through SPSO while obscuring his involvement.
 Yamato jumped 35 percent to 2,110 yen after the Nikkei newspaper reported the delivery service will tie up with China Post to ship products bought online to homes in that country.
 Yanez, who bought the team in May 2013, hasn’t paid players for more than a month, according to a league press official who asked not to be named, citing league policy.
 LightSquared sued Ergen over how his SP Special Opportunities LLC fund bought up $1 billion of LightSquared’s debt before making a $222 billion cash bid for the company and later dropping the offer.
 Abiola Rasaq, a 30-year-old equity analyst, took some friends to lunch at Kentucky Fried Chicken and bought a few shirts.
 Lawsuits against manufacturers could seek costs for medical monitoring, and claims for damages from consumers that say they bought the product in the past based on mislabeling, or false claims it was safe, Rosenlund said.
 The improving backdrop is reviving demand after Detroit’s historic bankruptcy filing in July and as Puerto Rico’s sale this month bought the struggling US.
 Tan also bought 24 percent of Asia Resource Minerals from the family for $223 million through his PT Borneo Lumbung Energi & Metal, increasing his shareholding to 48 percent.
 The sale comes just a year after Hutchison Port had bought the terminal operator for HK$32 billion to expand its capacity in Hong Kong.
 Berlusconi, the billionaire three-time premier, bought the team whose official name is Associazione Calcio Milan in 1986.
 Hedge-fund manager James Pallotta, an investor in basketball’s Boston Celtics, in 2011 led a group that bought Serie A team AS Roma.
 It bought 23 parcels of land with a total gross floor area of 12 million square meters (129 million square feet) during the year, it said.
 Instead, Sechin said he saw the volatility in the Russian stock market as a “business opportunity” and along with other top managers of Rosneft bought the oil company’s shares after they fell on news around Crimea, the CEO said.
 added 11 percent after agreeing to be bought by Sterigenics International Inc.
 Smith said Litvak’s customers used computer models to determine the best prices for the bonds they bought and didn’t care about sales tactics.
 The company was bought in 2007 in the largest leveraged buyout in history, which added debt to its balance sheet and bumped holders of its munis below other creditors in payment priority.
 Indirect bidders, which include foreign central banks, bought 434 percent of the securities.
 Pressure to manufacture chocolate without harming children may grow as global sales of sweets head toward a record in 2014 and candy makers process more beans, according to data by Euromonitor International Ltd  The suit’s allegations create “a reasonable inference about the possibility” some cocoa Hershey officials bought from Ghana and Ivory Coast suppliers may be tainted by the use of illegal child labor, Laster said at a hearing in Wilmington, Delaware.
 Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who met South Korean President Park Geun Hye in Seoul today, has stressed the need to diversify his country’s exports from the US, which bought 76 percent of Canada’s foreign shipments last year.
 accused Charles Ergen of trying to destroy the wireless-broadband company when he bought its debt, saying evidence showed that he intended to benefit his Dish Network Corp.
 As evidence that Ergen was acting for Dish, LeBlanc cited Ergen’s use of Dish Treasurer Jason Kiser to make the purchases, along with a firm that had bought debt for Dish before -- Steven Ketchum’s SoundPoint Capital Management LLC.
 CVS has been focusing its acquisition spending on health-care companies, such as specialty infusion services provider Coram LLC which it bought for $21 billion this year, he said.
 A 60-year-old retiree with pension savings of 32,000 pounds who took 25 percent as a lump sum and bought an annuity with the remaining 24,000 pounds would get a maximum of about 1,250 pounds a year, according to a table published by the ABI.
 SAP bought Sybase in 2010 for more than six times its value when Chen took over in 1998.
 Vodafone, which bought Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG last year, is adding Internet and TV services across Europe as it looks for ways to compensate for falling mobile revenue.
 Vodafone bought Kabel Deutschland for more than $10 billion and is working on integrating the German cable operator.
 “There certainly has been an underlying positive tone to the Treasury market which has been driven by the geopolitical risk, and also growth in the emerging markets, and China for that matter” Direct bidders bought 254 percent of the two-, five- and seven-year notes at this month’s auctions, the second biggest share since the seven-year securities were reintroduced in 2009, according to Treasury data compiled by Bloomberg News.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investor that includes foreign central banks, bought 414 percent of the seven-year offering, compared with 411 percent at the February sale.
 “It’s the status quo, and it will be the status quo through 2014” Prior to being regulated under Dodd-Frank in 2010, swaps were bought and sold over the phone or electronically between banks and their customers.
 The investor, Angelo Castello, said he bought about 15,000 shares of common stock and claimed GE, its chief executive officer, Jeffrey Immelt, and Chief Financial Officer Keith Sherin “repeatedly touted” GE’s AAA rating and falsely portrayed its true financial condition, violating securities laws.
 bought Safeway in 1986 for about $43 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 bought blogging company Tumblr Inc.
 GIC bought 502 percent of communications technology provider Linx SA, according to a March 10 filing by Linx.
 These companies, backed by cash from wealthy investors including billionaire George Soros and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, have bought thousands of towers from carriers in the region in the past two years.
 Yeung testified he bought a 20 percent share of Lin’s holding which wasn’t disclosed to the stock exchange so Lin could maintain his status as majority shareholder.
 Humble Beginning Kingston Securities later lent Yeung money to help with his purchase of Birmingham City Football Club, according to company filings, and bought 4485 million shares in Yeung’s investment company after his 2011 arrest.
 Yeung bought a house on posh Victoria Peak for HK$146 million, splashed out for a HK$6 million Maybach and spent HK$49 million on an 88-foot-yacht where he entertained visiting Chinese officials.
 In 2007, Yeung, a lifelong soccer fan who had at one point been chairman of a Hong Kong team, bought a stake in Birmingham City.
 Yeung bought the rest of the English soccer team in 2009 and pledged to invest 80 million pounds ($133 million) to pay for better players and to recruit Chinese onto the field.
 They bought a net $3754 million of shares on March 27, a 12th day of inflows, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 In September 2011, it estimated that the 200 billion pounds ($333 billion) of securities it had bought by then as part of so-called quantitative easing may have raised the level of GDP by 15 percent to 2 percent, and increased the inflation rate by between 075 and 15 percentage points.
 of Japan, which bought a 70 percent stake in the company for 200 billion yen in 2012.
 The peso’s 42 percent gain this month, its biggest advance since January 2012, pushed the currency through the lower line of its 20-day Bollinger band, while the 14-day relative-strength index gave an overbought signal for the first time since January 2013.
 Europe’s largest low-cost carrier has battled with antitrust authorities in Europe since it first bought Aer Lingus shares as part of a takeover bid in 2006.
 The London-based producer subsequently bought stakes in offshore blocks operated by Petroleo Brasileiro SA in the so-called Equatorial Margin in northern Brazil.
 “A consumer needs to understand what it is they’ve bought.
 Seeking to protect VKontakte’s interests and ultimately place Telegram under VKCom’s control, UCP said it bought “three companies that manage certain aspects of Telegram business,” with the intent to transfer these businesses to VKCom.
 Constellation bought Grupo Modelo’s US.
 Deutsche Telekom bought the 51 percent stake in 2000.
 Customers argue they wouldn’t have paid as much as they did for the cars or not bought them at all if they had known about the defects.
 25 Drivers The complaint filed two days ago in federal court Santa Ana was brought by 25 drivers of GM models who seek to represent a nationwide class of people who bought a 2005-2010 Chevrolet Cobalt, a 2006-2011 Chevrolet HHR, a 2006-2010 Pontiac Solstice, a 2005-2010 Pontiac G5, a 2003-2007 Saturn Ion, or a 2007-2010 Saturn Sky.
 and bought Dusa Pharmaceuticals Inc, the data show.
 Williams bought the startup unit, which employs 45 staff in Grove, England, after it developed a flywheel that recouped energy from braking for its racing car.
 Public Opinion Japan’s Defense Ministry and Self Defense Forces bought 21 trillion yen ($20 billion) from the private sector in 2011, the latest ministry data available.
 Japan, Thailand Gaw Capital said in November it bought the Waterside House in London for a group of South Korean investors, as interest in overseas property from Asia grows.
April 10 (Bloomberg) -- Ikea, the world’s largest furniture retailer, bought a wind farm under construction in Illinois, it’s first in the US.
 Roth said Vornado bought six properties in 2013 for an aggregate price of $813 million, all but one of which include Manhattan retail space.
 Sports Direct International Plc Chairman Mike Ashley bought an 11 percent stake in House of Fraser from Scottish entrepreneur Tom Hunter about a week ago and tried to buy other stakes yet failed, the Sunday Times reported yesterday.
 Overseas investors bought a net $683 million of Indian shares on April 10, taking inflows this year to $483 billion, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 China Citic Bank plans to sell its notes, which can be bought back by the lender after five years, at a yield of about 7375 percent, a person familiar with the matter said.
 The Singapore company, which is also the world’s top processor of palm oil, entered the sugar business in 2010 when it bought Australia’s Sucrogen Ltd.
 Overseas investors bought a net $415 million of Indian shares on April 4, taking inflows this year to $45 billion, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Parliament is questioning the fund’s highest-ranking officials after local media reports questioned whether the state-run investor followed its mandate when it bought into Formula One ahead of a planned initial public offering.
 The Russian ETF traded at 44 percent above its net asset value on April 17 as investors bought the fund on US.
 Google inherited the case when it bought Motorola Mobility to obtain a trove of about 17,000 patents and applications that could be used to hit back at Apple’s claims of copying in phones that run on Google’s Android operating system.
 retail sales increased in March by the most since September 2012 as Americans bought more cars, clothing and garden supplies, Commerce Department figures showed today.
 and Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan bought UBS AG’s global agriculture and Canadian commodities units in 2009, and part of commodities trader RBS Sempra in 2010.
 Express Life Insurance Co, the Accra-based insurer bought for an undisclosed sum, has premiums of 4 million cedis ($14 million), or 1 percent of Ghana’s life insurance market, said Matt Lilley, Prudential’s director of strategy and investor relations.
 “TD bought their properties pre-crisis, so the exceptional benefits of the last year came at a very high price in 2007 and 2005, when they did their deals,” said Peter Routledge, an analyst with National Bank Financial, who rates the stock outperform.
 NAMA is seeking to recoup the 712 billion euros of loans owed by developers that the agency bought from Irish banks after the country’s property market collapsed.
 He said Provida, which the insurer bought for about $2 billion, is “a great strategic fit,” because profits from the business are linked to fees on salaries, rather than assets under management.
 MetLife bought Alico from American International Group Inc.
 About 40,000 bearish contracts were bought on the small-cap stock ETF expiring in May with a strike price of $113, while the same number of May $107 puts were sold.
 To modernize trading onthe 222-year-old market, ICE bought Algo Technologies Ltd, afirm that claims to have the industry’s fastest matching engine,the people said.
 Bats Global Markets bought Chi-X Europethat year.
 Lewis, who had underestimated the depth of the housing slump and bought subprime home lender Countrywide Financial Corp.
 March 26, 2014: Bank of America agrees to a $95 billion settlement over claims it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 Barrick surpassed Newmont as the industry leader when it bought Placer Dome Inc.
 stepped in and bought C&C, Gamba said.
 Gerry Tschopp, a spokesman for Experian, which bought Court Ventures in March 2012, declined to comment on the investigations by Madigan and Jepsen.
 Tangney previously co-founded Epocrates Inc, a provider of clinical information that went public in 2011 and was later bought by Athenahealth Inc, in 2013.
 Investors bought 158 billion euros of homes in 2013, the most since 2005, according to data compiled by Chicago-based broker Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
 and Sun TV Network Ltd, bought rights to the team from Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore.
 Venugopal Dhoot, chairman of Videocon Industries Ltd, and two partners bought the Goa team.
 Moelis, who bought a condo at the Plaza for $113 million in 2007, is reimbursed by his company for costs he would have incurred had he stayed in hotels when he’s in New York, where his firm is based.
 Winfrey Boost Her 1992 book, “A Return to Love,” spent 38 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list after Oprah Winfrey bought 1,000 copies and had Williamson on her show.
 In allegations posted on Xinhua’s website in July, Song and China Resources Power were accused of overpaying for three coal mines in Shanxi province bought in 2010.
 Song Lin’s removal could prompt China Resources Power to write down the value of its coal mines including the assets bought in Shanxi, Citi Research said in a note dated yesterday.
 The producer of drugs for a rare blood disorder said in January it was changing its tax status by centralizing its supply chain to Ireland, where the company bought a factory.
 Before that deal was done, Forest bought Aptalis Inc.
 Intellectual Property Valeant also bought Bausch & Lomb Inc.
 Last year, the firm agreed to buy Lucky Brand Jeans for $225 million and was in a venture that bought Juicy Couture’s intellectual property for $195 million in cash.
 If you’re a hedge fund, you’re seeing people starting to sell things like Netflix and Facebook and the biotechs, and a nice way to sell risk is to sell the Russell 2000” Biggest Speculators The biggest speculators have increased short sales and bought hedges in most stocks as technology companies led a decline that erased $1 trillion from American share values between April 2 and April 12.
 EON bought an initial 10 percent stake in 2012 for 850 million reais and laid out plans for a grand partnership.
 Baytex Energy Corp’s C$15 billion bought deal in February was the largest bought deal among energy producers in Canadian history, said Bank of Nova Scotia’s Waterous.
 Los Angeles-based Air Lease had 193 planes under management at the end of 2013 and hasn’t bought any E2 aircraft, a filing showed.
 Retail sales increased in March as consumers bought more cars, clothing and garden supplies.
 Dubai’s district cooling firm Empower, majority owned by Dubai Electricity & Water Authority, bought Dubai World unit Palm District Cooling for $500 million in January.
 “We’re enormously sorry for the inconvenience caused by this issue” Google, the world’s largest online digital-advertising provider, bought Nest for more than $3 billion in February as the company looks to expand into hardware sales.
 Union Investment Privatfonds GmbH said it bought into the rally, predicting an advance toward 1,000 per dollar in coming months, while Western Asset Management Co.
 For Malaysian Air, IPOs would be easier if the government first bought the rest of the airline and delisted it, Mohshin said.
 At least 15 lawsuits have been filed in federal courts by owners of the recalled models who seek to represent other GM customers in class-action cases alleging they wouldn’t have bought the cars, or paid less for them, had they known about the defect.
 Nestle bought Pfizer Inc’s baby nutrition division in 2012.
 Innocent Mavingha, who has been digging the mineral on contract for Zimasco for six weeks, said fuel, equipment and explosives would now have to be bought in Harare, 100 kilometers (60 miles) south of the mining town, because the mine stories have been closed.
 The company, sold to local managers in 1994, was bought by China’s Sinosteel in 2007, according to Zimasco’s Website.
 They have bought 416 percent of all offerings this year, compared with 461 percent for all of 2013.
 Primary dealers bought 31 percent, versus a 10-sale average of 367 percent.
 Direct bidders bought 191 percent.
 Indirect bidders bought 449 percent, versus an average of 46 percent at the previous 10 sales.
 Primary dealers bought 577 percent of the $32 billion offering of two-year notes on April 22, the most since May, amid speculation the Fed will raise interest rates before the securities mature.
 They have bought 632 percent of five-year debt, versus 571 percent last year, and 523 percent of two-year securities compared with 474 percent in 2013.
 The Chinese joint venture then bought that stake in 2010, after Lukoil waived its right of first refusal.
 America Movil in 2012 bought a 21 percent stake in Telekom Austria from investor Ronny Pecik, who’s now the first deputy chairman.
 Distributions Enterprise Products Partners LP, the largest MLP by market value, quit paying fees when it bought out its management company in 2010.
 bought 74 percent of the three-year securities, 60 percent of the 10-year bonds and 42 percent of the 30-year debentures, a person familiar with the matter said.
 Flint, one of the world’s largest ink suppliers to the printing and packaging industry, is being bought with Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s private-equity unit from CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 Caesars has since sold assets, bought back debt at a discount, sold stock to the public and refinanced loans.
 bought the injectable drugs unit of India’s Strides Arcolab Ltd for $16 billion.
 Tesoro bought the 246,000-barrel-a-day Carson refinery in Southern California from BP in June with plans to integrate the complex with its adjacent Wilmington plant.
 For Malaysian Air, IPOs would be easier if the government first bought the rest of the airline and delisted it, Mohshin said.
 and Perry Capital LLC each bought $120 million, while Och-Ziff Capital Management Group purchased $110 million, according to the newspaper, which also first reported the FTI appointment.
 In October 1999, they allegedly bought shares of Sterling Software Inc.
 In September, the company bought Smithfield Foods Inc, the biggest US.
 Finra ruled in 2011 that the company had to pay about $2 million to Pat Croce after the former part-owner of the Philadelphia 76ers basketball team bought “principal-protected” Lehman notes less than three months before the bank failed.
 Eskenazi bought it the previous year from Sotheby’s for about HK$30 million.
 He moved to Barclays when the bank bought his unit and put him in charge of US.
 In April 2013, Mando bought 3785 billion won ($358million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc,which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, thencalled Halla Engineering & Construction Corp.
 Celgene also said today it bought a late-stage product for Crohn’s disease from Nogra Pharma Limited, a closely-held pharmaceutical company based in Dublin, Ireland.
 Indirect bidders bought 409 percent of the securities at the March sale, the most since November 2011.
 Almost six years after Barclays bought parts of the company, which filed the biggest bankruptcy in history, and following its own scandals from interest-rate rigging to selling insurance customers didn’t need, the lender is cutting jobs, rebuilding relationships with regulators and facing shareholder pressure to curb bonuses.
 The unit was formed as ICE bought Liffe, the biggest UK.
 “Even if they were allowed to do larger takeovers it would probably not be a very smart thing to do when you’re in a trajectory toward a share sale” Belgium’s Fortis The Netherlands bought Fortis’s Dutch banking and insurance units, including parts of the former ABN Amro Holding NV, in 2008 for about 168 billion euros ($23 billion), after the Belgian firm collapsed.
 Investment firms KKR & Co, Silver Lake Management LLC and Technology Crossover Ventures bought a stake in Go Daddy in July 2011, in a deal valuing the company at $225 billion, a person familiar with the matter said at the time.
 The producer, controlled by billionaires Gennady Timchenko and Leonid Mikhelson, is selling at a price that values SeverEnergia more than three times higher than in 2010 when Novatek first bought a minority stake in the project from Gazprom, Russia’s biggest natural gas producer.
 Yukos Auction With this deal, ownership of SeverEnergia will have shifted seven times since 2007 when Eni SpA and Enel SpA bought the assets at auction during the liquidation of Yukos Oil Co.
 Gazprom later bought 51 percent from the Italian energy companies, selling it on to Novatek and Gazprom Neft in November 2010 for 487 billion rubles, or $16 billion at the time.
 Global funds bought a net $28 billion of Korean and Taiwanese stocks this week, according to the latest exchange figures.
 In 2010, the FCC found that only 1 percent of set-top boxes were bought at retail rather than leased from a cable company.
 and Arris Group Inc, which last year bought the Motorola Home business that makes set-top equipment from Google Inc.
 Overseas investors bought more South Korean equities than they sold for an 11th day, exchange data show.
 “When stocks sell off that’s when we typically take advantage of more attractive valuations,” he said by phone from Cape Town, declining to comment on what he’s bought.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 KKR, the private-equity firm led by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought Ipreo in 2011 from investment firm Veronis Suhler Stevenson LLC.
 The latest agreement reimburses FGIC and investors in nine bond deals tied to home-equity loans made by Countrywide -- which the bank bought in 2008 -- including Fir Tree Partners, a $12 billion hedge fund.
 Chief Executive Officer Jeff Tangney previously co-founded Epocrates Inc, a provider of clinical information that went public in 2011 and was later bought by Athenahealth Inc, in 2013.
 The next HUD auctions are scheduled for June 4 and June 20, with the government expected to sell loans with an unpaid principal balance about $5 billion, according to Altisource Residential Corp, which bought 13,500 delinquent loans last year.
 BCE, which also has an 184 percent equity stake in the Canadiens, bought sports broadcaster TSN and the CTV network for C$13 billion plus debt in 2011.
 Alstom had to be bailed out by the French government and banks in 2004 after a series of technical flaws in a gas turbine business it had bought from ABB pushed the company close to collapse in 2003.
 A freight railway line that was supposed to start more than a year ago linking the port with a terminal 30 kilometers inland at Viana will begin commercial service next month after new locomotives are bought, Bengue said.
 After the Civil War, there were calls to deal with “patent sharks” who bought up dormant patents on agricultural tools and threatened to sue farmers unless they were paid $10 to $100, said Gerard Magliocca, an Indiana University professor of patents and legal history.
 The last time the company pursued large deals was in 2012 when it bought Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Sports Direct International Plc Chairman Mike Ashley bought an 11 percent stake in House of Fraser from Scottish entrepreneur Tom Hunter about a week ago and failed in attempts to buy other stakes, the Sunday Times reported April 6.
 bought the LME in 2012 for $22 billion.
 gained for the first time in five days after the company bought its own shares in the open market, spurring speculation that a $32 billion rout in the stock during the past month was overdone.
 “The share buyback is definitely a positive signal for investors as this means the company is optimistic about the future, else it wouldn’t have bought them now,” Hu Jiaming, an analyst at Capital Securities Corp.
 “It’s only helping sentiment in the short term” Tech Performance Tencent last bought back stock on April 12, purchasing 620,400 shares for about HK$155 million, exchange data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 That has helped the Sunnyvale, California-based company restore some growth to its core business, as investors have also bought into the stock to get a piece of Alibaba’s results.
 bought an 833 percent stake in September.
 “There’s no reason to keep a share that was bought some time ago for, let’s say, 4 reais, if now it’s worth 2 reais” Oi preferred shares have fallen 50 percent since Oct.
 Baidu, China’s biggest search-engine operator, bought Internet video business PPStream Inc.
 Sprecher’s company, which like Chicago-based CME Group has its roots in futures, recently bought the New York Stock Exchange, giving it about 20 percent of the nation’s equities volume.
 In contrast, stocks can be bought on one exchange and sold on another because they are all linked to one third-party clearinghouse, Depository Trust & Clearing Corp.
 recently bought back 10 percent of mobile-dating site Tinder, said Sam Yagan, chief executive officer of IAC’s Matchcom IAC purchased the stake from venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, Yagan said, who oversees the company’s Matchcom, Tinder and OKCupid properties.
 Xtreme Labs Palihapitiya, founder of Social+Capital Partnership in Palo Alto, California, gained his stake in Tinder in 2012, when he bought a majority of Xtreme Labs, a Toronto-based mobile development startup.
 Palihapitiya kept control of his Tinder stake even after Xtreme Labs was bought last year by Pivotal, the person said.
 It also bought Austrian furniture retailer kika-Leiner last year.
 Analysts and investors considered Iams, which P&G bought in 1999, a natural candidate.
 “I wish they’d never bought this thing,” he said today.
 International investors bought a net $416 billion of Indian shares in March, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Global funds bought a net $28 billion of Korean and Taiwanese stocks this week, according to the latest exchange figures.
 It also bought video business PPStream Inc.
 shares as the yen was bought amid risk-off sentiment,” said Ichiro Yamada, general manager of equities at Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance Co.
April 29 (Bloomberg) -- Tishman Speyer Properties LP, owner of New York’s Rockefeller Center, bought the London headquarters of UK.
 New York-based Tishman bought the 328,000 square-foot (30,468 square-meter) building from Germany’s Union Investment Real Estate GmbH, the US.
 The deal is the second of its kind for ADIB, which bought a stake in Egypt’s National Bank of Development in 2007.
 HSBC Holdings Plc bought Lloyds operations for $769 million in 2012, while Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC acquired RBS retail banking assets in 2010.
 Blackstone, the New York-based private equity firm, bought SeaWorld from Anheuser-Busch InBev NV for $23 billion.
 Last week, Avenue Capital Management’s Marc Lasry and Fortress Investment Group LLC’s co-founder Wesley Edens bought the Bucks for about $550 million from former US.
 “It only makes sense for them to increase the number of brands they can distribute through their channels” Wilmar bought its 10 percent stake in Goodman Fielder in February 2012.
 Net income at Manila Water, which is also planning to expand operations in Vietnam, rose 5 percent to 575 billion pesos last year as customers bought more water.
 Dongfeng and France separately bought about 105 billion euros of new stock and will acquire more in the wider sale, with a target of accumulating stakes of 14 percent each.
 “Gold is under pressure once again as the rewards are bigger for traders to invest that money in the equity markets” The metal jumped 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Fed bought debt and cut interest rates to a record in a bid to boost the economy.
 KKR bought its stake in Visma from London-based private-equity firm HgCapital LLP in a deal valuing the whole company, including debt, at about 11 billion Norwegian kroner ($18 billion), according to a statement at the time.
 “It’s certainly not over” The company said on its website last month that it bought back shares after the stock tumbled following a weaker-than-forecast earnings report April 10.
 The 56-year-old civil engineer ultimately lost $45,000 on the wrong end of a volatility bet, or about 80 percent of his investment, after a Credit Suisse Group AG note known as TVIX crashed a week after he bought it in March 2012 and never recovered.
 While Steckbeck said a supervisor at Clermont Wealth Strategies advised him against investing in TVIX in February 2012, he bought 4,000 shares the next month from his self-managed brokerage account.
 “I would be royally, royally ticked off if a broker, exchange or client mistakenly sold equities and I bought and then found out that they’d all been canceled later,” Skipp said.
 “Foreign inflows are strong and there is money waiting on the sidelines to come in at every dip” Overseas investors bought a net $3754 million of shares on March 27, extending this year’s purchases to $361 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Transcorp bought the Ughelli gas plant in the Niger delta and plans to boost its output to 700 megawatts by the end of the year after spending as much as $300 million on turbine repairs, Ufudo said.
 Goldman Ties BTIG’s Starker joined New York-based Goldman Sachs in 2000 when it bought brokerage Spear, Leeds & Kellogg, where he helped run the capital markets business.
 Goldman Sachs bought part of BTIG in 2008.
 executive and ex-Chief Executive Officer of Glasgow’s Celtic Plc soccer club and Halfords Group Plc bicycle retail chain, McLeod was hired in 2008 to turn around Coles after Wesfarmers bought the chain as part of Australia’s biggest-ever buyout the previous year.
 Declining Business Coles was a “business in decay” in 2007 when the conglomerate bought it along with the Target, Kmart and Officeworks store networks, according to a company presentation.
 The four chains that Wesfarmers bought for A$197 billion in 2007 are worth about A$31 billion, Ben Gilbert, an analyst with UBS AG in Sydney, wrote in a February note to clients.
 The oil company based outside Paris first bought Novatek shares three years ago and now holds about 17 percent with an option to increase its stake to 194 percent.
 He said Apple bought 24 companies over the past 18 months.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Greenlight Capital Inc, the $103 billion hedge-fund firm run by David Einhorn, said it bought large stakes in Japanese bank Resona Holdings and solar developer SunEdison Inc.
 The New York-based fund said it bought Resona at 547 yen ($533) per share and described the Tokyo-based bank as “cheap on both an absolute and relative basis,” according to a letter sent to clients today.
 Greenlight said it bought SunEdison at an average price of $1555 per share and said the declining cost of solar energy and rising electricity prices should position the St.
 Peters, Missouri-based company as a “winner” Greenlight also said it bought “medium-sized” holdings in Luxembourg-based Altice SA and Conn’s Inc, a Texas-based seller of electronics and appliances.
 The trader bought 40,000 bearish contracts on the small-cap stock ETF expiring in May with a strike price of $113, while selling the same number of May $107 puts in a strategy known as a put spread, according to JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC.
 Google, the Mountain View, California-based operator of the largest Web search engine, has bought at least seven companies for a robotics project to expand beyond online search, including Schaft Inc, a Tokyo-based maker of two-legged robots, and Boston Dynamics Inc.
 Three years earlier, China Construction Bank Corp, the country’s second-largest lender, bought Bank of America Corp’s Hong Kong and Macau unit for $124 billion.
April 29 (Bloomberg) -- Buffalo Wild Wings Inc, which bought a minority stake in fast-casual chain PizzaRev last year, has found another eatery to invest in, giving it a new way to expand in a crowded restaurant industry.
 The 20-year-old Japan-made ferry had a fifth-deck added to boost capacity to 956 passengers and crew, 116 more than when Chonghaejin Marine bought it from Japanese ferry operator A-Line in October 2012.
 New Management CVC built the asset from two European ink companies bought in 2004 from BASF SE and Akzo Nobel NV and merged with Flint Ink Corp.
 It bought Singapore’s Parkway Holdings Ltd.
 private equity firms bought Healthscope for A$27 billion in 2010, beating KKR & Co.
 Charterhouse bought the Paris-based call-center business from private-equity firms Astorg Partners and Equistone Partners Europe Ltd.
 22-30 last year when a Danske dealer bought and sold shares equivalent to about 46 percent of the stock’s trading volume in the period.
 Municipalities bought the contracts with money raised through bond sales, which allowed them to earn a return until the funds were needed for schools, roads and other public works.
 Shuanghui International bought Smithfield Foods for $47 billion in September in the biggest Chinese purchase of a US.
 Last year Absa, now called Barclays Africa Group Ltd, bought eight African units from its parent in an 183 billion rand all-share deal.
 Everything about the deal is as big as Texas -- biggest leveraged buyout ($48 billion, in 2007), biggest energy bankruptcy (a possible $456 billion, bigger than Enron Inc) and a big loss for Henry Kravis, George Roberts, David Bonderman and Lloyd Blankfein, the big shots who bought the company formerly known as TXU Corp.
 that was sold to Rohatyn Group last year, and Partners in Life Sciences bought Biofarma, a generic producer of heart, respiratory and urinary-tract treatments, from its Turkish owners in 2006.
 To build its mobile audience, the company poured money into developing products and bought Instagram.
 Under the agreement, the lender will pay $63 billion in cash to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to resolve lawsuits claiming it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by the US-owned mortgage firms.
 Foreign investors bought $31 billion more of the nation’s equities than they sold this month, exchange data show.
 bought 74 percent of the three-year securities, 60 percent of the 10-year bonds and 42 percent of the 30-year debentures, a person familiar with the matter said.
 McGee, 54, the highest-paid executive at Barclays, was one of the most senior dealmakers to join the British bank when it bought Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s US.
 Covington, Kentucky-based Ashland formed the joint venture in 2010 with Sued Chemie, which got bought by Muttenz, Switzerland-based Clariant in 2011 for about $25 billion.
 Bank of America last month agreed to a $95 billion settlement with the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which had bought $266 billion in mortgage-backed securities that Countrywide sold between 2005 and 2008.
 The company bought US.
 “Word is spreading online fast that products can be bought much cheaper abroad and people are blogging about product-specific shopping experiences, boasting about how much they saved,” said Gene Park, a retail analyst at Woori Investment & Securities Co.
 FiveT, a Zurich-based firm run by 35-year-old Johannes Minho Roth, bought about half of the shares in an American Apparel stock offering, helping the clothing chain pay bills and stave off the risk of default.
 FiveT bought 26 million of the shares.
 “Those who bought in the morning simply shifted to selling toward the close” About 160 companies on the Topix are due to post results this week, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 bought slots at Reagan and LaGuardia, while JetBlue won flying rights at Reagan.
 “Our presence in Brazil will enable our partners to engage early and interact closely with the GIC team, which is very beneficial for complex and sizable investments” Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund bought 502 percent of communications technology provider Linx SA, according to a March 10 filing by Linx.
April 8 (Bloomberg) -- Key Safety Systems, a maker of components for the auto industry, is close to being bought by Chinese private equity firm FountainVest Partners for as much as $800 million, said people with knowledge of the matter.
 It was among a group of investors that bought Focus Media Holding Ltd.
 It bought Key Safety in 2007 for an undisclosed amount.
 In 2005, Iceland’s Landsbanki acquired control of the company before management bought it back four years later, after Icelandic authorities seized the lender.
 Investor Interest Pacific Investment Management Co’s Bill Gross, Quantum’s George Soros and billionaire John Paulson are among investors who bought Spain’s version of real estate investment trusts including Hispania Activos Inmobiliarios SA.
 Invel, a London-based real estate investment firm led by Christophoros Papachristophorou, bought a 66 percent stake in Pangaea in a December deal that valued the company at about 1 billion euros.
 Google inherited the case when it bought Motorola Mobility to obtain about 17,000 patents and applications that could be used to hit back at Apple’s claims of copying in phones that run on Google’s Android operating system.
 Stockland Chief Executive Officer Mark Steinert, who wants to increase the trust’s exposure to retail and industrial properties, bought a 199 percent stake in Australand March 19, when Singapore’s CapitaLand Ltd.
 The stock has climbed 10 percent between March 18, a day before Stockland bought its stake, and yesterday.
 Stockland bought the 199 percent stake last month at A$378 a share from CapitaLand, Southeast Asia’s largest developer.
 16, has been shifting spending to its Coles supermarket chain it bought in 2007 in Australia’s largest corporate takeover.
April 24 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Patrick Drahi is winning friends in the junk-bond market, rewarding investors who bought into his record $17 billion offering yesterday with a profit of more than $490 million.
 in London, which oversees about $40 billion and bought some of the notes.
 Keith Hays, who helps oversee $12 billion at Hays Advisory says his company has bought the fund because of recent gains in the Spanish market.
 have bought real estate in Spain after home prices fell more than 45 percent from their 2007 peak.
 Direct bidders bought 186 percent of the notes, compared with an average of 114 percent at the past 10 sales.
 They bought 231 percent of last month’s sale.
 Moynihan has spent more than $50 billion to clean up fallout from the 2008 credit crisis when his predecessor, Kenneth Lewis, bought Countrywide Financial Corp.
 The latest agreement reimburses FGIC and investors in nine bond deals tied to home-equity loans made by Countrywide -- which the bank bought in 2008 -- including Fir Tree Partners, a $12 billion hedge fund.
 When Pfizer bought Wyeth in 2009, the company said it planned to eliminate 19,000 positions, or 15 percent of the combined company’s workforce.
 “It’s probably not ultimately government policy to have all our companies bought by outsiders so they can incorporate here, but maybe they’re not as averse to it as one might think,” Mahony said.
 Chief Executive Officer Michael Dell and his partner, Silver Lake Management LLC, bought the company last year after a lengthy battle with dissident shareholders including billionaire financier Carl Icahn.
 Expansion Plans The aircraft changes come amid expansion plans at LaGuardia and Washington Reagan, where Southwest bought flight rights divested as part of American Airlines Group Inc’s 2013 merger with US Airways, and Dallas Love Field, where a federal law limiting nonstop service is expiring in October.
 Shire this year bought ViroPharma Inc.
 Pimco Buys Newport Beach, California-based Pimco purchased $8 billion of the Verizon debt and BlackRock bought about $5 billion, people familiar with the sale said at the time.
 asset manager that oversees $257 billion, bought protection against a drop in equities shortly before last week’s selloff.
 Russell bought the contracts on April 4, giving the asset manager an underweight position on US.
 The company bought more European equities last week and favors Japanese stocks, which have plunged 10 percent this year.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Activist investor Jeffrey Ubben, who runs ValueAct Capital Management LLC, said his firm bought a stake in EBay Inc.
 ValueAct bought EBay at about $50 a share and exited at about $56, Ubben said today at the Active-Passive Investor Summit in New York.
 Overseas investors bought a net $1235 million of Indian shares on April 7, taking inflows this year to $46 billion, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 -LME Week Asia will be held in Hong Kong, where metals industry executives will gather and discuss commodities markets and the London Metal Exchange’s expansion in Asia since it was bought by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd.
 It bought 9289 US.
 They are leaving money on the table” BofA Accord Bank of America last month agreed to a $95 billion accord with the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the overseer of mortgage-finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which bought $266 billion in mortgage-backed securities.
 President Vladimir Putin said last week that unless Ukraine pays for gas it’s already bought, Russia may have to stop shipments, threatening supplies across Europe.
 Incremental Change Foreigners bought a net $52 billion of domestic shares this year, the most in Asia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 It bought 8632 US.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- Ehud Barak, the former Israeli prime minister, doubled his money when he sold an apartment in north Tel Aviv’s Akirov Towers that he’d bought in 2003 for about 12 million shekels ($35 million).
 Tishman Speyer bought a block a undeveloped land stretching from West 34th to West 35th streets to build a 285 million-square-foot (265,000-square-meter) tower, the New York-based developer said in a statement today The site could have a mix of offices and street-level retail, according to the company.
 private-equity investor with about $18 billion in capital under management, bought a 30 percent stake for 237 million euros in the joint venture with Axel Springer in 2012.
 The Munich-based company last year bought British production-planning software specialist Preactor International Ltd, adding to the 680 million-euro ($938 million) acquisition of Belgian software maker LMS International in 2012.
 It later bought International Breweries Plc, which is based in the southwestern town of Ilesh.
 In Onitsha, Nigerian Breweries last year bought Life Breweries Ltd, and is pushing the Life beer brand to compete with Hero.
 The company bought back $306 million in stock in its most recent fiscal year.
 Buying Bonds Hodges bought about 30 million euros of the new five-year Greek bonds for the Legal & General Dynamic Bond Trust he runs, he said.
 That amounts to about 1 percent of the fund and, while other money managers at Legal & General also bought the securities, this was the largest purchase, he said.
 Asset managers purchased 49 percent of the debt and hedge funds bought 33 percent, it said.
 Frankfurt-based ACATIS IfK Value Renten UI sold the 3 million euros of notes it bought in the first hour of trading on April 11 at 485 percent, making a “small profit,” according to Martin Wilhelm, who helps manage about 400 million euros for the fund.
 I’m convinced we will see some new issues from Greece at shorter maturities, where the yield will be much lower” When prices on the newly issued debt dropped in the aftermath of the sale, Invesco’s Nash bought more.
 bought an 833 stake percent in September.
 In December 2012, it bought Elenilto Minerals’ remaining shares for $335 million.
 The French company last year bought a 50 percent stake in Russia’s Electroshield-Samara it didn’t already own, and in January completed the acquisition of Invensys, a UK.
 Soriot, who became Genentech’s CEO when Roche Holding AG bought the biotechnology company for $468 billion in 2009, said he couldn’t subscribe to that view.
April 8 (Bloomberg) -- Sam Zell, the billionaire chairman of apartment landlord Equity Residential, said the company bought a rent-controlled complex in California because it was a good investment and not with the goal of raising rents.
 Equity Residential, founded by Zell, bought Woodland Park in 2011 and owns more than 70 percent of the regulated apartments in the only city between San Francisco and San Jose with a rent-control law.
 Equity Residential bought the complex knowing that the law was in place and accepted that it would remain regulated, he said.
 Sanlam is pursuing growth opportunities in emerging market regions including South East Asia and bought a 49 percent stake in Malaysia’s Pacific & Orient Insurance Co.
 He then bought about $3 billion in over-the-counter calls in March and April.
 Pearson also bought two companies last year that sold themselves amid pressure from another activist investor.
 Global funds have bought a daily average of $135 million of local equities this month, compared with $194 million in March.
 Hodges, who helps oversee the equivalent $746 billion, has bought three- and five-year Portuguese bonds since the beginning of the year and is continuing to do so, he said.
 BNP first expanded in the country when it bought a controlling stake in Cadiz Holdings Ltd’s securities unit in 2011.
 BlackRock has been exiting its investments from MGPA funds after it bought the private-equity property investment advisory firm last year to expand its real estate business in the Asia-Pacific region and Europe.
 MGPA Asia Fund II bought the Intermark assets for about $600 million in 2007, according to the asset manager.
 Stolen data, such as credit card numbers and technology designs, are bought and sold through illicit forums, with as many as 80,000 members that only can be accessed through virtual private networks, according to the report.
 The e-commerce company said Icahn had bought a stake and was calling for a spinoff of PayPal, saying the unit’s growth was held back by being part of the larger company.
 The measure rallied 08 percent yesterday as data showed retail sales increased in March as Americans bought more cars, clothing and garden supplies, helping the economy recover from harsh weather at the start of the year.
 They’re bought by pension plans and retirement funds to protect against fluctuations in interest rates, meaning they affect most people who own annuities.
 In November, the bank bought Toronto-Dominion Bank’s institutional-services business.
 The search giant bought Internet video business PPStream Inc.
 Ulf Moslener, a professor at the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management, said instead of focusing on what was spent, look at what it bought.
 He’s motivated by the disappearance of nickel producer Inco Ltd, which was acquired by Brazil’s Vale in 2007; Falconbridge, bought by Xstrata in 2005; and aluminum producer Alcan, purchased by Rio in 2007.
 ICD and Kuwait-based Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development also bought $25 million equity stakes each, Mahmoud said.
 Wind Purchase Fridman, 49, bought Wind from Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris in a deal valued at $219 billion in April 2011 through VimpelCom, which operates in more than a dozen markets and gets 39 percent of its sales in Russia as the country’s third-largest mobile-phone carrier.
 The notes climbed to 1059 cents from 9865 cents last month and can be bought back at 1061 cents in May.
 Those notes, which can also be bought back at 1061 cents, rose to 10603 cents from 985 last month.
 Foreign funds bought a net $11379 million of Vietnam stocks this year through April 25, down from $18873 million in the same period a year earlier, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 asset manager that oversees $257 billion, bought protection against a drop in equities shortly before last week’s selloff.
 Charles Keating, an Arizona property developer who bought a savings-and-loan and used it as a slush fund to gamble on junk bonds and real estate, has died at 90.
 last year bought a Hartford unit that offered the retirement products in the UK.
 The company bought back $633 million of stock and warrants in 2013.
 The men convicted in 2011 worked at small trading companies that bought certificates from suppliers overseas and resold them.
 Deutsche Bank bought the allowances.
 Blumont in July announced it bought Lee’s stake in Powerlite Ventures Ltd.
 Over the last decade, his Resolution Group bought 25 insurers, comprising more than 10 million policyholders and $200 billion in policy assets.
 The KKR group last year bought Sunrise’s existing management contracts covering 282 communities, leasehold interests in 15 developments, and 12 land parcels.
 Shuanghui International bought Smithfield Foods for $47 billion in September in the biggest Chinese purchase of a US.
 GE also bought 50 megawatts of projects in Ontario from First Solar last year and is in talks to buy more, said Kevin Walsh, the company’s head of power and renewable energy.
 Investors have bought $1576 million of notes tied to the Menlo Park, California-based company this year in 81 offerings, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 VEB, with assets valued at $83 billion, or about 4 percent of Russia’s economic output, was the government’s bailout manager in 2008-2009 when it rescued troubled companies and bought domestic securities to support financial markets.
 Marine Corps veteran Vitalo ran Absa Capital, the investment-banking arm of the South African lender Barclays bought control of in 2005.
 The billionaire hedge-fund manager has bought municipal debt of the commonwealth, invested in its hotels and is building a vacation home in one of its most exclusive resorts.
 bought resort complex La Concha Resort and the Condado Vanderbilt, neighboring beach-front hotels in the capital city of San Juan, last month for $260 million, including costs to complete construction of the Vanderbilt.
 Vacation Home He’s the largest investor in the biggest bank, Popular Inc, and according to a person with knowledge of the matter, bought more than $100 million of Puerto Rico’s municipal debt.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 The ads are targeted based on data Apple has on customers, such as what apps a person has purchased from the company’s App Store or what songs and movies have been bought through iTunes.
 “Thank God we haven’t had power outages so far, but if this happens in the middle of a Brazil match, I’ll have wasted my money,” said Abitbol, 27, who also bought two 120-inch projector screens to show matches from the monthlong event.
 Petrobras bought spot LNG at $18 to $19 in February and is paying $15 to $16 now, said Marco Tavares, the chairman of Gas Energy, a Rio de Janeiro-based research company.
 Rodrigo Correia bought seven 32-inch sets for his two Rio de Janeiro restaurants, about two kilometers (12 miles) away from the Maracana stadium, where the final will be played on July 13.
 The work has hung at the far end of the lobby since the restaurant opened, according to a 2005 press release from Vivendi SA, which bought Seagram in 2000.
 The Bloomfield, Connecticut-based insurer bought HealthSpring Inc.
 Calpers alleges S&P and Moody’s did more than merely rate the structured investment vehicles, or SIVs, bought by the pension fund’s managers.
 private equity firms bought Healthscope for A$27 billion in 2010, beating KKR & Co.
 Fiat, the Italian carmaker that bought full control of Jeep producer Chrysler Group LLC, and Guangzhou Auto will produce three new Jeep vehicles in the southern city of Guangzhou, Chrysler said yesterday in a statement.
 The company has bought back 13 million shares, or 9 percent, since 2013.
 The Montreal-based company had a market value of about C$6 million when it bought the property in 2004, two years before Roosen was hired.
 To account for the increase in funds’ net asset values, stocks are bought on Tuesdays.
 Overseas investors have bought a net $48 billion of local shares this year, the most in Asia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 A jadeite bead necklace was bought by the Cartier (CFR) Collection for HK$214 million.
 Providence is seeking unspecified damages on behalf of all public investors that bought or sold stock in the last five years, according to the complaint filed yesterday in federal court in Manhattan.
 Asked if Etihad might lift its holding in Aer Lingus, Ryanair CEO Michael O’Leary said the Gulf carrier had “bought a lot of rubbish, and increasing their stake in Aer Lingus is consistent with that” Ryanair is seeking a full takeover of the smaller Irish airline, saying it will collapse without a change of direction.
 He then founded BlueLithium Inc, an online behavior-tracking tool bought by Yahoo! Inc.
 It bought Dutch bank Rabobank Groep’s Robeco Groep NV asset-management unit for 19 billion euros ($26 billion) last year, its largest takeover.
 The sponsors and their co-investors bought $83 billion of equity and financed the rest of the buyout.
 Sports Direct’s founder, Mike Ashley, bought the outstanding 11 percent stake last month.
April 15 (Bloomberg) -- Vincent Viola, whose high-frequency trading firm plans to raise millions of dollars in an initial public offering next month, is seeking tax dollars to help cover the bills for the Florida Panthers hockey team he bought six months ago.
 Google paid Yahoo to resolve a patent dispute months before its 2004 public offering and later in 2011 bought more than 1,000 patents from IBM as part of its strategy to defend its Android operating system from infringement claims.
 Loral could be bought for more than $80 a share, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The investment bank, which joined the NYSE in 1896, bought the operations in 2000 as part of a $54 billion purchase of Spear, Leeds & Kellogg.
 Last year, Goldman Sachs agreed to sell a majority stake in its Redi trading-technology unit that was based on software acquired when it bought Spear Leeds.
 Coca-Cola bought 10 percent of Keurig in February and said the companies are working together to make a system for producing single-serve cold drinks.
 Coca-Cola took a stake in Zico Beverages in September 2009 and bought the rest of the company last November.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 409 percent of the securities at the March sale, the most since November 2011.
 It bought Ekibastuz in 2008 for $126 billion and sold a 50 percent stake to Samruk-Kazyna for $681 million in 2010, Kazakhmys said.
 J Trust Co, which bought bankrupt consumer lender Takefuji Corp.
 One company that fit the bill was Magellan Financial Group Ltd, a fund-management firm whose shares they bought at about 80 Australian cents apiece four years ago and still own after its price rose to A$1352 on March 28, Miller said.
 His team bought OzForex Group Ltd.
 Investors have pulled money out of Internet and biotechnology stocks that led the S&P 500 to its best yearly performance since 1997 and bought companies with stable dividends and earnings.
 Investors bought 20 percent of homes, half their July 2012 peak share of the market, the report showed.
 “There’s not much out there and if there’s something you might consider, it’s gone in an hour” Nelson would like to buy a smaller home with a lower mortgage payment than the 4,600-square-foot (427-square-meter) house she bought in 2010, moving before her daughter goes to college in two years.
 Iowa Plant “We are building that plant with the construction company that we bought in Iowa,” Sawiris said, referring to the Weitz Co, which OCI acquired in 2012.
 bought Coles Group Ltd.
 The deal would provide South Africa’s largest clothing retailer with an alternative credit provider to Barclays Plc’s Absa Bank unit, which bought Edcon’s private-label store cards business in 2012.
 The Moulins, descendants of Galeries Lafayette’s founder, acquired a majority stake in the retailer in 2005 and bought the rest in 2009.
 “I subscribe to the idea of a term for a CEO and then making space for someone with fresh vision” He will “start thinking about what to do next in the second half of the year” Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, bought a 52 percent stake in Massmart in June 2011 for 165 billion rand ($158 billion) as it looked to expand in emerging markets.
 Plug bought ReliOn Inc.
 SunEdison, Resona Greenlight said it bought “large” stakes in Japanese bank Resona Holdings and solar developer SunEdison Inc.
 The fund said it bought Resona at 547 yen ($533) per share and described the Tokyo-based bank as “cheap on both an absolute and relative basis,” according to the letter.
 Greenlight said it bought SunEdison at an average price of $1555 per share and said the declining cost of solar energy and rising electricity prices should position the St.
 Peters, Missouri-based company as a “winner” Greenlight also said it bought “medium-sized” holdings in Luxembourg-based Altice SA and Conn’s Inc, a Texas-based seller of electronics and appliances.
 The pension either bought or increased its stakes in Google, Walt Disney, Visa Inc, United Parcel Service Inc.
 The company hasn’t invested in a major foreign carrier since 2009, when it bought Austrian Airlines, London-based BMI and 45 percent of Brussels Airlines.
 The company said today it bought Kenwood Vineyards in California from F.
 It agreed to acquire fixed-line provider GTS Central Europe last year and bought out minority investors in its Czech unit in February.
 bought resort complex La Concha Resort and the Condado Vanderbilt, neighboring beachfront hotels in the capital city of San Juan for $260 million, including costs to complete construction of the Vanderbilt.
 It bought Dutch bank Rabobank Groep’s Robeco Groep NV asset-management unit for 19 billion euros ($26 billion) last year, its largest takeover.
The lighting business used to be pretty straightforward: customers bought their light bulbs and a year or so later replaced them.
April 17 (Bloomberg) -- Toronto-Dominion Bank, which has bought about C$17 billion ($15 billion) of credit-card assets since 2011, displaced Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce as the country’s top issuer, according to the Nilson Report.
April 15 (Bloomberg) -- Petroleo Brasileiro SA, facing a growing scandal over its $12 billion purchase of a refinery in Texas, said it bought the plant to maximize returns on heavy oil that it couldn’t refine in Brazil.
 Fund managers bought 78 percent, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 “Part of it depends how aggressive we get on fuel cells, there are a lot of things that come into play” Toyota in 2010 bought a 24 percent stake in Tesla for $50 million, the value of which has swelled to more than $660 million as of yesterday’s close.
 Man Group Plc increased 47 percent to 1067 pence as the hedge-fund manager bought back some of its shares and HSBC Holdings Plc upgraded the stock to overweight, which is similar to a buy recommendation, from underweight.
 Not long after that transaction closed, the economy slumped, debt markets fell into disarray and it wasn’t until 2006, when KKR and others bought HCA, that a deal of similar size was struck.
April 14 (Bloomberg) -- Partners Group Holding AG, one of Europe’s largest publicly traded alternative asset managers, bought 13 operational solar-power plants in Italy and plans to acquire more.
 It bought units with a combined capacity of 26 megawatts in two deals from different sellers, including Renovalia Energy SA, Partners’ David Daum said today by phone, declining to give a price.
 Bank of America’s request to dismiss the SEC case should be denied because the regulator adequately laid out its claims that the bank didn’t disclose in offering papers that most of the pooled mortgages for the securities were bought wholesale from third-party brokers, US.
 and the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, which bought about 98 percent of the securities, that most of the mortgages were acquired wholesale, according to the recommendation.
 The Taiex dropped as much as 12 percent earlier today before rebounding after the United Evening News reported that institutional investors including four major government funds and insurers bought shares.
 It bought Piscataway, New Jersey-based Telcordia for $115 billion two years ago to strengthen its operations and business support systems market, after acquiring IP-router maker Redback Networks in 2007 for $166 billion.
 Lending Rates Abraaj Group, a private-equity company, bought a majority stake in Ghana Home Loans in October.
 “There was no mistaking what that was about” Sterling bought the team in 1981 for $12 million, according to Forbes.
 NTT Docomo may sell the entire 265 percent stake in Tata Teleservices it bought for 2667 billion yen in 2009 and 2011.
 Big Deals The last time this much money was spent on drug deals was in 2009, when Pfizer bought Wyeth in a transaction valued at $64 billion and Merck & Co.
 Cubist acquired its Dificid drug when it bought Optimer Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 The company has cast off publications including Chemical Engineering, Modern Plastics and BusinessWeek, which was bought by Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP in 2009.
April 22 (Bloomberg) --- Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc, managers of the Sequoia Fund Inc, made a paper profit of about $300 million today on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc, bringing its gain on the investment to approximately $38 billion since it first bought the stock in 2010.
 They entered partnerships, ordered new vessels or bought ship debt at the fastest pace since 2008 as a fifth year of about zero interest rates saw more money chasing fewer deals.
 Overseas investors have bought a net $48 billion of local shares this year, the most in Asia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 The complaint adequately alleged a failure by the bank to disclose in offering documents that the bulk of the underlying mortgages were bought wholesale from third-party brokers, Cayer said.
 “These successful sales to third-parties are finally breaking the link between Anglo Irish Bank and the Irish taxpayer” Goldman Sachs, Lone Star, CarVal Investors LLC and Deutsche Bank AG are part of a group that bought 85 percent of a 93 billion-euro batch of commercial real estate loans, the liquidators said.
 Velizy, France-based Steria agreed this month to be bought by information-technology services company Sopra Group SA for 730 million euros in stock as it seeks to win customers from larger rivals, including Atos.
 The Japanese company completed its largest takeover last year, when it bought Rabobank Groep’s Robeco Groep NV asset-management unit for 19 billion euros ($26 billion).
 She recently bought a blue python-print bag at the store, pleased that she could find such a purse for less than 300 euros ($412).
 Maria Maortua, a 29-year-old developer of pop-up stores in Madrid, said she has never bought a Kors purse because she feels the label is overexposed and doesn’t produce true luxury.
 The Kospi index of shares fell for a third day even as overseas investors bought more local equities than they sold today, exchange data show Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju Yeol said in Washington over the weekend that making surprise interest-rate decisions isn’t desirable, and that expectations of a cut in borrowing costs are low in the money market.
 “Whoever came up with the objectives is probably smiling, and everybody who bought into this stock early on, they probably want to hug him,” Brent Longnecker, CEO of executive compensation consulting firm Longnecker & Associates, said by phone from the company’s Houston office“They aren’t worried about his compensation” ‘Paid Well’ Cheniere has surged 30-fold since November 2009, as executives positioned the company to become the first to export liquefied natural gas produced from the US.
 A decade ago, Pimco bought Brazilian bonds as they plunged before presidential elections in 2002, a wager that proved prescient and burnished the reputation of El-Erian.
 Profit was boosted by a 156 million-euro drop in payments to minority shareholders after BNP bought out Belgium’s 25 percent stake in its Fortis unit for 325 billion euros.
 “We’ve never seen the trading houses make these many moves into the physical space in such a short period of time” In February, Castleton, a Wilton, Connecticut-based merchant, bought more than 500 natural gas wells and 80,000 acres in mineral leases in East Texas.
 It’s also developing a condensate splitter complex in Corpus Christi and said today that a subsidiary had bought a gas-processing plant in New Mexico and 225 miles (362 kilometers) of gathering lines from a unit of Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
 “There’s a lot of arbitrage opportunity and money to be made there” Amit Bhandari founded Houston energy merchant BioUrja Trading LLC in 2006 and bought a shuttered refinery in Albany, New York, the following year, turning it into a terminal to load ethanol from the Midwest onto barges.
 Last year, Goldman Sachs agreed to sell a majority stake in its Redi trading-technology unit that was based on software acquired when it bought Spear Leeds.
 Biggest Deal In the past 10 years, Ares has bought more than 20 companies, including luggage maker Samsonite Corp, vitamin maker GNC Holdings Inc, budget chain 99 Cents Only Stores and luxury retailer Neiman Marcus Inc, which it acquired in October for $6 billion in its largest-ever deal.
 However, he said, the company raised full-year guidance “which signals that this spending trend will slow” Biogen bought right’s to Eisai’s experimental Alzheimer’s disease medicines in March to add to its treatments for brain disorders.
 Shuanghui International bought Smithfield Foods for $47 billion in September in the biggest Chinese purchase of a US.
 Cnooc bought 50 percent of Bridas for $31 billion in 2010, while the rest is owned by Argentina’s billionaire Bulgheroni brothers.
 MPC, Ahrenkiel MPC Group, another Hamburg-based shipping company, announced today that it bought local peer CF Ahrenkiel Group, which put itself up for sale as part of a restructuring effort pushed by its creditors, including HSH Nordbank, the world’s biggest shipping lender.
 Stock Gain In 2002, American Home changed its name to Wyeth, which was bought by Pfizer seven years later.
 The pension fund’s opposition traces back to a transaction last year, when Mando bought 3785 billion won ($359 million) of new shares in Meister, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, then called Halla Engineering & Construction.
 Blackstone bought the company, which owns 11 parks in five states, for $23 billion from Anheuser-Busch InBev NV in December 2009.
 Line Growth The long-term rally in Naver isn’t over, according to Heo Pil Seok, the chief executive officer at Midas International Asset Management in Seoul who bought the shares in the past six months.
 The company, which was privatized by the state in 1995, merged with its Spanish counterpart Tabacalera in 1999 to form Altadis and was bought by Imperial Tobacco in 2007.
 Rometty bought cloud provider SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
 16, has been shifting spending to its Coles supermarket chain it bought in 2007 in Australia’s largest corporate takeover.
 Robinson said in a telephone interview that he’d happily return the favor to Lasry, who along with Fortress Investment Group LLC co-founder Wesley Edens yesterday bought the Milwaukee Bucks for about $550 million from former US.
 The ore is priced in dollars and usually bought using letters of credit, which means any decline in the yuan causes losses at the time of repayment.
 Substation Cafe Electricity substations, offered by landlords who bought them from the New South Wales state electricity providers, are also drawing entrepreneurs.
 The New Jersey and Labor Department requests also covered the actions of Medco Health Solutions Inc, which Express Scripts bought in 2012.
 EverPower was bought for 443 million pounds ($738 million) in 2009 by Terra Firma Capital Partners Ltd, the third-biggest private-equity investor in clean energy, according to its website.
 Many of those, including Yildizlar and the five construction firms that bought Sabah and ATV, are companies that were established or came to prominence since Erdogan came to power.
 The five firms that bought the media company had won a tender to build and run a third airport for Istanbul, offering to pay the government $30 billion for a 25-year lease.
 Goldman Sachs shared a fine of 373 million euros with Prysmian SpA, an Italian cable maker that Goldman Sachs Capital Partners bought in 2005.
 Foreign investors have bought $111 billion of Indian stocks and bonds this year through April 2, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Bullion is bought during festivals and marriages as part of the bridal trousseau or given as a gift in the form of jewelry.
 Momentive hasn’t posted an annual profit since Apollo bought it for $38 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 First you had the 2008 recession, then people adding capacity in industries like silicone resins” Momentive, based in Waterford, New York, was General Electric Co’s advanced-materials unit until Apollo bought and renamed it.
 It’s also turning to developing markets to offset European stagnation, and bought control of its joint venture Asia Pacific Breweries in 2012 for about S$56 billion ($45 billion).
 Right out of college he took a position in Atlanta as an auditor for Arthur Anderson LP before moving to a regional bank bought by NationsBank of Charlotte, North Carolina.
 Fortress Deal Hedge fund Fortress Investment Group LLC bought Centex for more than $500 million in July 2006 to add to its stable of companies that gave mortgages to people with low credit scores.
 Formed in 1988, it bought General Energy Corp.
 In 1999, it bought Shamrock Coal Co, which added more mines to the Bledsoe complex.
 The company bought Triad Mining in southern Indiana in 2005.
 gained 25 percent after Greenlight Capital Inc, the $103 billion hedge fund run by David Einhorn, said it bought shares in the Japanese bank.
 Einhorn’s Greenlight said it bought the stock at 547 yen per share and described the Tokyo-based bank as “cheap on both an absolute and relative basis,” according to a letter sent to clients yesterday.
 “Management teams are starting to build this mentality that they’re going to be a buyer or be bought.
 “We’re facing an overbought situation and a bit of profit-taking mid-day” US.
 The company today said it bought fitness application Moves for an undisclosed amount, as the social network jumps into the increasingly popular fitness-tracking market.
 Global investors bought $49 billion of Indian shares this year, the second-most after Taiwan among 18 nations tracked by Bloomberg.
 After the Chinese company goes public, investors who bought Yahoo’s shares as a proxy for Alibaba can directly purchase stock of the e-commerce provider.
 Yahoo, which bought a stake in Alibaba in 2005, has long relied on the Chinese e-commerce company for a boost.
 The Nescafe maker made a foray into specialized medical skin treatments in February, when it bought L’Oreal’s share of Galderma, a dermatology company whose products revive skin.
 Man Group, which manages $55 billion, bought hedge-fund firm GLG Partners in 2010 and added FRM Holdings Ltd, which invests in hedge funds on behalf of clients, in 2012.
 In 2008, Societe Generale bought a majority stake in Moscow-based OAO Rosbank to clinch a spot among the foreign banks with the largest presence in Russia.
 Profit Goals The French bank bought out most of Rosbank’s remaining minority investors in April.
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission moved to require more swaps starting this month to be bought and sold on new trading platforms designed to boost price competition between banks and other financial firms.
 “Credit Suisse bought and pled their way out of providing names,” Jeff Neiman, who was a prosecutor on the UBS case, said in a phone interview.
 Verizon Option If Dish gets left out of this merger, being bought by Verizon is a possibility, S&P’s Amobi said.
 Wesfarmers’ market value has more than tripled since it bought Coles Group Ltd.
 The company in February bought Mainstream Energy Corp, a maker of racking units, to become more of a full-service home solar supplier such as SolarCity Corp, which also offers systems at little to no upfront cost to customers who sign long-term power contracts.
 Foreign investors bought a net $114 million of Philippine stocks today, the first inflow in four days, according to stock exchange data compiled by Bloomberg.
 DIC, owned by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum’s Dubai Holding LLC, bought Mauser in 2007 from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s One Equity Partners LLC in a deal valuing the company at 850 million euros ($12 billion).
 Clayton Dubilier, founded in 1978, bought Ashland Inc’s water-technologies unit for about $18 billion in February.
 Public Opinion Japan’s Defense Ministry and Self Defense Forces bought 21 trillion yen ($20 billion) from the private sector in 2011, the latest ministry data available.
 CDP’s investment fund, Fondo Strategico Italiano SpA, made its first foray into municipal services in 2013, when it bought a stake in the northern Italian utility Hera SpA -- the country’s largest by market value .
 In 2008, Societe Generale bought a majority stake in Moscow-based OAO Rosbank to clinch a spot among the foreign banks with the largest presence in Russia.
 The French bank bought out most of Rosbank’s remaining minority investors in April.
 When Read began to respond, Binley cut him off: “You answer my question, sir, don’t answer yours” ‘Breaking Down’ Robin Walker, another Conservative, suggested that the proposed merger was “the last hurrah of a business model that’s fundamentally breaking down” Binley focused on Pfizer’s record in Sweden, where Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt has said the country had “negative experiences” after the New York-based company bought Pharmacia Corp.
 Investors bought 195 billion euros of stock in the rights offering, Paris-based Peugeot said in a statement late yesterday.
 to review strategic options, spurring speculation it may be bought.
 The Mexican company bought 97,700 Pacific Rubiales shares on the Toronto exchange yesterday at C$1843, bringing its total to 314 million.
 Deutsche Lufthansa AG and Air France-KLM Group have bolstered European offerings and British Airways-owner International Consolidated Airlines Group SA has bought new planes for Spanish unit Vueling.
 Weaker ruble and rising inflation remain a concern” Kapital Asset Management bought shares of Magnit and Dixy this month, said Vadim Bit-Avragim, who helps oversee about $41 billion at the Moscow-based firm.
 The threshold of 70 signals to some analysts and traders a security is overbought.
 Magnoni joined Nomura from Lehman Brothers when Japan’s biggest brokerage bought the European operations of the US.
 SAC bought a $91 million stake in Blackberry Ltd.
 Suzie Doore, 40, bought her first Burberry lipstick in 2011 and has been a customer of the company’s beauty range ever since.
 Groupon, which bought South Korean e-commerce marketplace Ticket Monster Inc.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Usman Ahmad is in no hurry to insure his own life, even after buying protection for his gray BMW and the house he bought in Toronto.
 In March 2013, Cohen bought Pablo Picasso’s “Le Reve” from casino owner Steve Wynn for a reported $155 million, which at the time was the highest price ever paid by a US.
 In 2007, Goldman Sachs bought a majority stake in a $24 million loan that Art Capital made to celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz that was backed by her entire photo archive, as well as other artwork and real estate.
 In 2008, it bought SI Government Solutions, the brainchild of a former computer science professor at the Florida Institute of Technology who developed a method to rapidly scan software code to find flaws that could be exploited by hackers.
 Investec said it’s considering selling its Kensington mortgage business, which it bought for 283 million pounds ($479 million) in 2007, just before the financial crisis.
 Hentemann’s 400 Capital Management LLC bought a new type of bond sold by Freddie Mac in July in which private investors share the risk of home-loan defaults with the mortgage-finance company.
 GIC was part of a group that bought the Time Warner headquarters in New York for $13 billion in January.
 Temasek bought a 504 percent stake in Spanish oil company Repsol SA for 1 billion euros ($14 billion) last year.
 If Breedens bought all the shares not already owned at the time of the offer by a Temasek unit, it could pay as much as S$4 billion.
 Berkshire first bought a stake in GM, the largest US.
May 16 (Bloomberg) -- Soros Fund Management LLC, the family office of billionaire George Soros, bought shares of SodaStream International Ltd.
 The firm, based in New York, bought $243 million of shares of Lod, Israel-based SodaStream.
 In that case, the judge told a man who slipped and fell in a store that he couldn’t sue the new retailer that bought some stores in the bankruptcy, he said.
 United made an exception for alcohol bought between flights at a duty-free shop, and required a receipt in such cases, according to the airline’s statement.
 The one recent exception came last year, when Lowe’s bought the majority of Orchard Supply Hardware Stores Corp’s assets, including 72 stores, out of bankruptcy for about $205 million.
 The group first started operating on trains in 1990, six years before Cremonini bought his younger brother’s stake, amid disagreements over the company’s strategy, with Giuseppe pressing for increasing diversification away from the meat processing operations.
 NYSE, which was bought by IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc.
 Adani has denied the allegation, telling CNN-IBN in a televised interview broadcast on April 28 that he bought the land for an average of 15 rupees per square meter, and that he paid as little as 01 rupee per square meter for land when Gandhi’s Congress party ruled the state in the 1990s.
 The two companies jointly bought a property project in Shanghai for 568 billion yuan about a year ago from Arch Capital Success Ltd.
 government debt that the plans bought last year.
 The central bank, which bought $85 billion of Treasuries and mortgage bonds each month last year in its third round of quantitative easing, or QE, has cut those purchases by $10 billion in each of its four meetings in 2014.
 City deeds records show his trust bought the land for 30 million rand.
 Shanduka bought assets in major industries, including stakes in Standard Bank Group Ltd, Africa’s biggest lender, MTN Group Ltd, Africa’s biggest mobile-phone company, and control of a coal joint-venture with Glencore Xstrata Plc.
 Chinese Investment China Investment Corp, the nation’s $575 billion sovereign wealth fund, bought a 25 percent stake in Shanduka for 2 billion rand from Old Mutual Plc and Investec Ltd.
 “Then we’ll get a bonus with consolidation” He expects that Liberty Global will be acquired by Vodaphone Group Plc and that the merged companies may then be bought by AT&T Inc.
 The carmaker is backed by London-based Investindustrial, a European private-equity fund whose previous assets include high-end motorcycle maker Ducati, which Audi bought in 2012.
 “They need to be bought by Daimler” Large carmakers can help niche manufacturers stay competitive by spreading development costs across brands and models.
 Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 273 percent of the notes at the April sale, down from 299 percent in March and the lowest level since April 2013.
 “When the economy troughs or perhaps before, there may be a lot more traditional corporate distressed opportunities” There are at most about 20 hedge funds that have bought Lehman debt consistently since its collapse, Hartman estimated.
 “The investments are positioning us to be able to deliver a lot of services, virtual items and things we’re doing that will allow you to have continuous content updates” The company, which in October bought back majority control from Vivendi SA, is spending on datacenters, production and marketing to bring such titles to fast-selling PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles from Sony Corp.
 For Blackstone -- which has bought about 45,000 houses in the past three years to lead the burgeoning industry for single-family rentals -- LivCor represents its first major foray into the multifamily market.
 LivCor also oversees about 3,000 apartments that Blackstone bought in 2012 from Nationwide Insurance with a partner.
 Overseas routes would allow the venture to better compete with Emirates Airline, the biggest foreign carrier operating in India, and Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC, which bought a 24 percent stake in Jet Airways (India) Ltd.
 As prices dropped, he overcame the impulse to flee with the rest of the herd and, instead, bought more corporate bonds, Bloomberg Pursuits will report in its Summer 2014 issue.
 A tame amygdala may be why David Ford bought bonds amid the panic -- a prescient move as markets rebounded.
 And in Latin America, expectations call for increased merchandise exports” Imports climbed 11 percent to $2343 billion from $2318 billion in the prior month as Americans bought more foreign-made mobile phones, semiconductors and civilian aircraft, which points to a pickup in business investment.
 Investors bought many of the condos that were built in the development boom of the last decade and are now renting them out to young people.
 The RBI probably bought the greenback to prevent the rupee from appreciating too sharply, said two traders who asked not to be named as the information isn’t public.
 Shares of Atlanta-based ICE, which bought NYSE last year, fell the most since 2011 today after the company released quarterly results.
 His company bought Algo Technologies Ltd, which was formed in 2010 by executives with backgrounds in high-frequency and quantitative trading, to drive NYSE’s US.
 Bank of Montreal bought F&C Asset Management Plc, which runs the oldest UK.
 Slot Purchase McCall said EasyJet is “driving quite a lot of the capacity increase in the market,” boosting its position at Rome Fiumicino Airport about 33 percent and ramping up its presence at London Gatwick with slots bought from Flybe Group Plc.
 The NYSE was bought by IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc.
 The Japanese lender bought Thailand’s Bank of Ayudhya Pcl for about $5 billion last year, its largest investment in Asia.
 In December, Blackstone bought a $718 million minority stake in Columbia, South Carolina-based Edens, an owner of more than 100 community-based shopping centers on the East Coast.
 In 1988, the company bought a baseball team, where major-league veteran Ichiro Suzuki began his career.
 “There was never any question” Sterling, a real-estate billionaire who bought the National Basketball Association team in 1981, told a woman in audio that was posted on the website TMZ on April 25 that he didn’t want her bringing black people to the team’s games and didn’t approve of her posting a photo with Hall of Famer Magic Johnson to Instagram.
 “The recession of 2007 and 2008 rolled in and that’s when the bottom fell out” El Cardonal Real estate entrepreneur Kenneth Jowdy, 49, bought the property on which Diamante Cabo San Lucas sits in 2006.
 Gipson, 57, a marketer for the public transit program in Santa Rosa, California, bought her two-bedroom, two-bathroom condo in Los Cabos as a place to possibly retire.
 As part of a consortium, CKI bought the UK’s Northumbrian Water Group in 2011.
 Abel last year bought NV Energy, Nevada’s largest electricity utility, for $56 billion.
 doesn’t officially guarantee debt of the railroad operator it bought in 2010, the parent would still probably offer support to BNSF should financial trouble arise, according to Joel Levington, who follows industrial borrowers for Bloomberg Industries.
 “They clearly don’t need it now” Cash Doubles BNSF’s cash holdings have doubled to $256 billion since Berkshire bought the company, whose track network is concentrated west of the Mississippi River, pitting the company against Union Pacific Corp.
 The company hasn’t posted an annual profit since Apollo bought it for $38 billion in 2006, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Chief Executive Officer Ronald Faris told investors in December that “my best guidance is it’s about $50,000 at least cheaper to do the work in India versus doing it here” Ocwen, which last year bought mortgage-servicing portfolios from JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 The company bought Nigerian packaging company Alucan in February for $301 million and retains an option to add a plastics manufacturer.
 Soros Fund Management LLC was among firms that bought shares in nationalized lender Bankia as part of a 13 billion-euro ($18 billion) stake sale by the government in February.
 Apollo bought Banco Santander SA’s real estate servicing platform Altamira and an 80-branch bank hived off from the bailed-out Galician lender NCG Banco SA.
 Chief Financial Officer Yancey Spruill sees it, credit investors are giving his company little reason to rush paying down debt that more than doubled after the satellite-imaging firm bought a competitor last year.
 bought AT&T Corp.
 Roman, 50, joined Man Group in 2010 after it bought GLG for $16 billion.
 Marathon also bought Argentine government bonds that had been given to oil producer Repsol SA last week as compensation for the 2012 seizure of YPF SA, Richards said.
 “This is Lee’s 2014 version,” said Wences Casares, a technology entrepreneur and investor based in Palo Alto, California, who tried putting money into Peloton only to find that Fixel had already bought in.
 to market the course, which it bought in February 2013 as part of its $15 billion acquisition of bankrupt resorts owned by a group led by hedge fund Paulson & Co.
 They were also disappointed because the transaction could diminish the potential for Hillshire, the maker of Jimmy Dean sausages and Ball Park hot dogs, to get bought given that it would no longer be largely a meat company.
 “Is this built for the long haul? That’s something I have real concerns about” Buying Spree Following the Biovail merger, Valeant bought more than 30 businesses and boosted its stock price 469 percent to a record on Feb.
 producer issued $500 million of higher-ranking notes this week to extinguish debt with “near-term maturities” The sale matches its biggest since 2011, when Alpha Natural bought Massey Energy in the industry’s most-expensive takeover just as steelmaking coal prices peaked.
 Investors’ Reward Investors who bought airline stocks after the calamities are being rewarded.
 Delta bought Northwest in 2008, United and Continental paired up in 2010 and Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co.
 The central bank bought $25 billion today in securities maturing between August 2021 and February 2024 as part of the purchase program, which is designed to hold down long-term borrowing costs and spur economic growth.
May 28 (Bloomberg) -- Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital Inc, a renewable-energy financing company, bought a $107 million portfolio of land and leases for solar and wind projects.
 “We bought a lot of land that we felt was not distressed, a lot of property-tax bonds where we felt the project itself was not distressed, but the bonds were available to be purchased at distressed levels,” Miller said.
 Nuveen bought about 90 percent of the issuer’s bonds at 40 cents on the dollar, as the securities defaulted after development stalled, he said.
 “Many investors bought it thinking they could sell it at a higher price” Isagen rallied the most since 2009 on May 22 after a court cleared the way for the government to sell its stake.
 McGraw Hill Financial Inc’s S&P and Moody’s had argued that their ratings on investments the pension fund bought were predictions covered by free speech protections and the lawsuit should be barred under the California anti-SLAPP law.
 The German unit bought Belgian catering operations fromGategroup Holding AG (GATE) in November and closed the purchase of acatering business from Finnair Oyj (FIA1S) in February.
 Symantec said it bought back $125 million worth of its shares in the latest quarter and has $658 million remaining for stock repurchases.
 Swatch Group AG’s Harry Winston brand bought the stone in the final day of the city’s spring auction season.
 The Swiss watchmaker, which bought Harry Winston last year, is renaming the diamond The Winston Blue.
 He bought Sprint to take on the top players in the US, Verizon Communications Inc.
 After leading the initial $20 million investment in 2000, SoftBank subsequently bought additional shares and bonds, according to the filing.
 In Oasis’ case, that would cost more than 110 cents on the dollar if they were bought back now, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Reed, bought vineyard property near Healdsburg, California, in the Alexander Valley along the Russian River.
 Still, while GE bought Dresser-Rand rival Lufkin Industries Inc.
 “Every new Siemens CEO is under pressure to come up with a new amazing strategy, and as a result, some businesses are sold and others are bought,” said Boris Boehm, who helps manage about 21 billion euros, including Siemens shares, at Aramea Asset Management.
 Caxton, the hedge fund founded in 1983 by Bruce Kovner, bought 25 million shares of the Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank in the first quarter, according to a filing yesterday.
 Sirios Capital Management LP, the Boston-based hedge fund co-founded by former MFS Investment Management portfolio manager John Brennan, bought 62 million shares.
 Citigroup Investors Highfields Capital Management LP, the Boston-based fund run by Jonathon Jacobson, bought 28 million shares of Citigroup, ending the quarter with 31 million shares valued at $147 million.
 In 2012, the lender wrote off the entire goodwill on Bank Aval, which it bought for $1 billion in 2005.
 Broad bought Damien Hirst’s 12-foot-tall canvas “Fear” made with flies and black acrylic paint for $905,000, and John Baldessari’s group of photographs “Grimm Fairy Tales: The Frog King” for $485,000.
 The winner was Meredith Darrow, an art adviser based in Los Angeles and New York, who bought it for a client.
 The consigner, who bought the work from Peres Projects in December 2006, realized a more than 12,000 percent gain.
 Eagle Ford Zaza Energy Corp, which got its start as a joint venture with Hess Corp, bought up oil rights in the Eagle Ford shale field and the nearby Eaglebine in South Texas, near the heart of the US.
 Gold climbed 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the central bank bought debt and held borrowing costs near zero percent.
 We have a 25 year-mine life in zinc” Vedanta, mainly a mine operator, gained access to India’s biggest onshore oilfield in 2011 after billionaire Chairman Anil Agarwal bought a controlling stake in Cairn India Ltd.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 245 percent of the notes, the most since February 2013, compared with an average of 177 percent at the past 10 auctions.
 The Mississippi pension plan sued in March 2008 on behalf of investors who bought $368 billion of mortgage-backed securities from May 2006 to September 2007, claiming the bank misrepresented the offerings for the investments.
 Some companies have eliminated jobs, cut costs and bought back shares to sustain higher profits amid shrinking sales.
 bought eight Lycos patents, including the two at issue in the trial, for $32 million in June 2011 and sued Google and its customers three months later.
 It’s since bought other patents, including those from Nokia Oyj being used in litigation against companies including Chinese phone-equipment maker ZTE Corp.
 as most popular search site, is now owned by India’s Ybrant Digital Ltd, which bought it for $36 million in 2010.
 The well was drilled in a area where state-controlled Petrobras bought the rights to produce as much as 5 billion barrels of oil from the government in 2010 as part of a $70 billion share sale.
 India’s S&P BSE Sensex index of shares rose 03 percent as exchange data showed global funds bought a net $1318 million of local equities this month through yesterday.
 Robbins also said in an interview he bought shares of Endo International Plc in the past few months as the market dropped.
 In its earnings statement, Galaxy said it expected to re-open by early next year the Grand Waldo casino complex, which it bought last year for HK$325 billion.
 Rapid Link Evraz bought rail-manufacturing assets in the US.
 The buyout funds bought the Kansas City, Missouri-based baker in March 2013 for $410 million.
 Yesterday, T-Mobile Chief Executive Officer John Legere in an interview with Bloomberg TV called consolidation “one path forward for this company” ‘Perverse, Unjust’ Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler wants to limit how many airwaves can be bought by largest carrier Verizon and No.
 Global funds bought $38 billion more Indian stocks and bonds than they sold this month through May 22, exchange data show.
 Katara, which bought Le Royal Monceau in Paris in 2012, plans to more than double its properties by 2030 and was in talks to buy “iconic” hotels in London and Rome, Chief Operating Officer Christopher RJ Knable said last year.
 The Fed bought 62 percent of newly issued government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities in April, up from 43 percent a year earlier, according to data from Freddie Mac.
 Daiichi bought the stake in Ranbaxy for 737 rupees a share.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Dmitry Mazepin’s OAO Uralchem, which bought a $4 billion stake in OAO Uralkali last year, is targeting sales growth in Africa as Russia’s biggest nitrogen fertilizer maker seeks to diversify.
 Uralkali Stake Uralchem entered the potash market last year when it bought a 20 percent stake in Uralkali, the world’s biggest producer, after billionaire Suleiman Kerimov and partners sold out.
 “I don’t see anything fundamentally that changed dramatically other than the fact that stocks are overbought and it’s a technical correction,” Decker said.
 Sterling, who bought the team for about $12 million in 1981, couldn’t be reached for comment.
 McCourt bought the team in 2004 and sold it in 2012.
 “Active products are sold and not bought.
 judge to keep secret some details about assets the group bought for $45 billion at a Nortel Networks Corp.
 A trial scheduled to start today in Wilmington, Delaware, threatens to reveal confidential information the companies gained when they bought more than 6,000 patents from Nortel, the defunct telecommunications company, the group said in court papers.
 The London-based private-equity firm bought a majority stake in Travelex in 2005 in a deal that valued the company at about 11 billion pounds.
 Google inherited the cases when it bought Motorola Mobility to obtain a trove of about 17,000 patents and applications.
 By 2012, each received more than 1,000, and that doesn’t include the numbers they bought.
 Pacific Rubiales gained 69 percent to C$1965 after Alfa SAB, a conglomerate with energy assets in Mexico and the US, bought shares to grow its stake to the third-largest in the company.
May 21 (Bloomberg) -- Lithuania bought German utility EON SE’s stakes in domestic natural-gas companies to strengthen its position in talks with Russia’s OAO Gazprom over a cut in the price for gas supplies.
 It bought 8562 US.
 Baidu Inc, China’s largest search engine, bought a majority stake in the group buying site Nuomi Holdings Inc.
May 12 (Bloomberg) -- Tech Mahindra Ltd, the Indian software-services company that bought Satyam Computer Services Ltd, is considering acquisitions to curb its dependence on telecommunications clients.
 The company bought control of Satyam in 2009 and then merged with it in the middle of last year in an 899 billion-rupee ($15 billion) transaction.
 When Tesla bought the idled NUMMI plant in 2010, Keller and other analysts were skeptical that the startup could ever use a facility with a 500,000-vehicle-a-year capacity.
 Last year it bought Idev Technologies Inc.
 In their letter, London-based War on Want and Change to Win say that after being bought in a leveraged buyout in 2007, Alliance Boots transferred store properties to a group of LLPs and used a Cayman Islands partner to “provide flexibility and a veil of secrecy to the whole business” According to a separate briefing note made available to UK.
 Shares with weaker finances have benefited as the Federal Reserve held interest rates near zero for the past six years and bought $36 trillion of bonds to stimulate the economy, spurring an unprecedented wave of debt financing.
 Recently completed deals include a $306 million unit on the 58th floor bought by a limited-liability company and a $178 million apartment that sold to Richard Kringstein, the chief executive officer of outerwear company Herman Kay Co, city property records show.
 “With respect to their cash flow and debt, it’s also unlikely that the dividend will reach last year’s levels” Kellner’s PPF Group NV bought a controlling stake in the operator for about $34 billion from Spain’s Telefonica SA in November, returning it to Czech ownership after eight years.
 Horton bought Breland Homes, the 38th-largest US.
 Like other banks that bought mortgage originators, Deutsche Bank ended up bearing the cost of allegedly fraudulent loans that helped fuel the housing bubble.
 He also owned a duplex on the Upper East Side of Manhattan that he bought for $62 million in 2005, real estate records show.
 They bought a net $341 million of shares today, according to provisional data from the exchanges, the most since March 28.
 Tiger, which makes Jungle Oats and All Gold tomato sauce, bought a 635 percent stake in Dangote Flour Mills from Dangote Industries Ltd.
 South Korea previously bought 22 of the weapons for testing.
 EON bought an initial 10 percent stake in 2012 for 850 million reais and laid out plans for a grand partnership with the Brazilian entrepreneur, whose mother was German and who speaks the language after spending some of his youth in Dusseldorf, the city where EON is based.
 Digital Strategy Pearson bought Cogmed in 2010 from Sweden’s Karolinska Development AB, a commercial arm of the Stockholm research institute of the same name.
 bought for $19 billion.
 Jingrui, Transfield Jingrui Holdings Ltd, a Shanghai-based developer, is marketing five-year bonds at about 13625 percent that can be bought back after three years, another person said.
 Istanbul-based Ciner Group bought Show TV and Aks Televizyon for $402 million, while Turkish businessman Ethem Sancak took over a newspaper and the Skyturk 360 TV station for $62 million.
 Sancak’s ES Mali Yatirim & Danismanlik bought BMC this month for 751 million liras ($357 million).
 Valeant bought Medicis, a maker of skin care products, in September 2012 in a deal announced for $26 billion.
 The Nescafe maker made a foray into specialized medical skin treatments in February, when it bought L’Oreal SA’s share of Galderma, a dermatology company whose products revive skin.
 Ole Soeberg, who helps manage about 122 billion kroner ($206 billion) at Skagen in Stavanger, Norway, said he bought shares of OAO Moscow Exchange and Sberbank over the last month on attractive valuations.
 The company, co-headed by former Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Chief Executive Officer Bart Becht, last year bought Master Blenders, the Amsterdam-based maker of Douwe Egberts, for about 75 billion euros ($104 billion).
 bought Deutsche Bank AG’s headquarters at 60 Wall St.
 The company is building its game business portfolio and recently bought stakes in US.
 Americas CEO Almost six years after Barclays bought parts of Lehman and following scandals from interest-rate rigging to selling insurance customers didn’t need, the bank is cutting jobs, rebuilding relationships with regulators and facing shareholder pressure to curb bonuses.
 The Johannesburg-based company, which bought the mine for $3 billion in 2006, hired a team of 15 Australian experts earlier this year to better mechanize the operation and train employees.
 Paulson bought 84 million Genworth shares early last year at an average cost of $767, according to the letter.
 “The capital associated with its investment in CI will be redeployed to other strategic priorities of the bank” Scotiabank first bought a CI stake in 2008 and currently holds 37 percent of the Toronto-based fund manager’s shares, according to the statement.
 The airline bought 400 million shares in Scoot at S$1 apiece, Singapore Air said in a statement to the stock exchange today.
 “Companies that look like they can feasibly achieve their forecasts are being bought,” said Nobuhiko Kuramochi, head of investment information at Mizuho Securities Co.
 Korian in March bought Medica SA, a French operator of nursing homes, for about 107 billion euros, after Fresenius SE in February paid 307 billion euros for 43 hospitals in Germany owned by Rhoen-Klinikum AG.
 Ramsay, based in Sydney, has bought private hospitals in the UK, France and Indonesia to help sustain profit growth, which is slowing in its home market.
 Horse Incident Tom and Consandra Christmas bought the adjacent tract in 2003, even after their real estate agent warned them his horse had been injured in a suspected alligator encounter, the court said in yesterday’s decision.
 Forrest, who this year bought Western Australia’s only licensed beef exporter to China, said Australia could boost its production by 50 percent should it secure a supply position in the Chinese market.
 The two companies jointly bought a property project in Shanghai for 568 billion yuan about a year ago from Arch Capital Success Ltd.
 Betting the company’s future on its home region would mean fighting against John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc and Vodafone, both of which have bought assets from the UK, Netherlands to Germany.
 Czech billionaire Petr Kellner’s PPF Group NV, which bought 66 percent of the phone company from Spain’s Telefonica SA last year, said yesterday after the stock market closed it will offer to buy the rest of the company for 29515 koruna a share.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Tower Group International Ltd, the insurer that agreed to be bought by ACP Re Ltd.
 Foreign investors have bought $880 million of the nation’s shares this year, including a 27-day stretch of net inflows that was the longest since at least 1999.
 International investors bought a net $657 million of Philippine shares today, the biggest inflow in more than six weeks, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Scotiabank said May 14 that it’ll scale back or sell its 37 percent stake in CI Financial Corp, a Toronto-based money manager it bought in 2008.
 In order to get the green light, Kroton agreed to sell part of Grupo Uniasselvi, which it bought in 2012, and other unspecified assets in three cities, freeze some enrollment and suspend expansion of certain courses, Vinicius Carvalho, head of the regulator, known as Cade, said in Brasilia today.
 Now, after banks bought back $378 billion of those old mortgages last year alone, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s heightened reviews of newly originated loans are causing banks some concern.
 Equinox Capital Inc, a private-equity firm based in Greenwich, Connecticut, bought the schools for $36 million in 2007.
 Ivanhoe sold shares and warrants in a so-called bought deal for C$125 million, the Canadian company said today in a statement.
 Remaining Stakes Axcel bought a controlling stake in Pandora in 2008 and later reduced its holding.
 ValueAct bought about 76 million shares of Symantec, giving it about a 11 percent stake in the biggest maker of antivirus tools, according to a filing today with the US.
 It also bought 219 million shares in Expeditors, a Seattle-based logistics company.
 RBS bought Ulster in 2000 as part of its acquisition ofNational Westminster Bank Plc.
 It bought the Ughelli gas-fired power plant last year following a government sale of former state-owned utilities.
 You can’t lend to people who can’t afford it anymore” ‘Good Chance’ African Bank Chief Executive Officer Leon Kirkinis, 54, plans to sell Ellerine, a furniture retailer the company bought in 2008, has lowered the maximum term for loans to 60 months from 84 months and slowed lending growth in a bid to stem losses.
 It bought another 405 million of stock that will be released to him over the same period under Amplats’s bonus-share plan, it said.
 Barclays bought parts of Lehman when the firm filed the biggest bankruptcy in history in 2008.
 The company, which bought the mine for $3 billion in 2006, hired a team of 15 Australian experts earlier this year to better mechanize the operation and train employees.
 BASF also bought a detergent-enzyme business from Henkel AG, and CEO Kurt Bock said Feb.
 JPMorgan has now bought almost all of that.
 bank, bought $28 billion of Argentine bonds at a discount from Repsol SA two days after the oil company received them as compensation for the government’s seizure of its local unit.
 GE bought an Alstom gas-turbine division in 1999 and a power-conversion business 12 years later.
 Succession Plans Liberty Global said it bought back almost $400 million of its stock in the first quarter and is committed to buying back a further $31 billion in the period from April 1 through December 2015.
 The tower is fully occupied, according to Evans Randall Ltd, the London-based company that bought the property with a fund managed by Germany’s IVG Immobilien AG for 600 million pounds in 2007.
 Louvre bought the hotel InterContinental managed a few hundred meters from the seashore in the upscale Sao Conrado neighborhood in 2011.
 The company’s owners include emerging market-focused private equity arms of Capital Group Inc, New York-based Concord International Investments, and the Rohatyn Group, which bought Citigroup Inc’s buyout business last year.
 Inc and Concord International bought Amoun, which makes both veterinary and human drugs, for about $450 million in 2006.
 United Spirits bought Glasgow, Scotland-based Whyte & Mackay for 595 million pounds in 2007.
 Auroch Minerals NL (AOU), a Perth-based explorer, bought theManica gold project from Pan African Resources in January lastyear, with Pan African gaining a 42 percent stake in thecompany.
 He said he wasn’t a seller but declined to comment on whether he had bought anything.
 Casino magnate Steve Wynn bought the work and will display it in front of his Las Vegas hotel, Sotheby’s said.
 The color photograph from her series known as “Centerfolds” fetched $96,000 when Sender bought it at Christie’s in New York in 1998.
 Populist Policies While elections repeatedly yield victories for Thaksin-linked parties -- they have won the past five -- his royalist opponents deride the legitimacy of the resulting governments, saying they have bought the support of poor rural voters with economically damaging populist policies.
 Converted Customers SAP’s Texas-based TomorrowNow unit, which offered technical support and software fixes to about 3,000 customers of companies Oracle acquired, including PeopleSoft Inc, lured 358 of them, and only 86 of those bought products from SAP, SAP’s lawyers said.
 45,000 Houses Blackstone, which has bought about 45,000 houses around the country over the past three years, in 2013 became the first of the hedge funds, private-equity firms and real-estate investment trusts that ramped up in the rental business amid the US.
 In 2005, Mizkan bought Holland House cooking wines and in 2011 it purchased Border Foods, a processor of hot peppers.
 The Georgetown, Cayman Islands-based company said today that the 201 hectares (50 acres) of property bought for $20 million is needed for the construction and operation of a 100 million gallon a day seawater reverse-osmosis plant.
 In February, Air France-KLM bought a 15 percent stake in Gol’s preferred shares for $52 million and is giving the airline $48 million more to improve efficiency, a regulatory filing shows.
 The average daily value of shares bought and sold fell 5 percent to HK$551 billion on the exchange’s main board, Hong Kong Exchanges said.
 The London Metal Exchange, which Hong Kong Exchanges bought for $22 billion in December 2012 to expand into commodities, pushed revenue and other income from commodities up by 7 percent to HK$315 million in the first quarter, the Asian bourse said.
 In December 2011, LSE bought the 50 percent of FTSE International that it didn’t already own from Pearson Plc for 450 million pounds ($758 million) in cash.
 He bought tickets for four matches this year, and is hoping Brazil will win a record sixth time even if it’s bad for the market.
 Balfour also said in a statement today it’s considering a possible sale of Parsons Brinckerhoff, the New York-based infrastructure consulting company it bought for $626 million in 2009.
 Foreigners have bought a net $66 billion of domestic shares in 2014, the highest in Asia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Overseas funds bought a net $610 million of shares over two days on May 13 and 14, data from the regulator show.
 In 1969, itbought into Gruner + Jahr.
 Global funds bought a net 363 billion rupees of Indian stocks today, the highest single-day inflow since March 21, according to provisional data from the exchanges.
 surged by the daily limit in Seoul trading after it agreed to be bought by Kakao Corp, South Korea’s largest mobile messaging service.
 The last time there was this much activity in the industry for regulators to review was when Comcast bought AT&T’s cable-TV business for about $59 billion in 2001 and later acquired assets from bankrupt Adelphia Communications Corp.
 Imperial inherited a 596 percent stake and bought the rest in a deal that valued Logista at 23 billion euros.
 More than 70 percent of commercial properties sold in Europe in the first quarter were bought by foreign investors, compared with 45 percent in the same period last year, Colliers International said in an April 24 report.
 Richard Bowen, the former chief underwriter for its consumer-lending group, told the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2010 that he determined in mid-2006 that more than 60 percent of mortgages that Citigroup bought from other firms and sold to investors such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were “defective” Fraser said today that being bigger in mortgages can help Citigroup win wealth management and banking business.
 In April, it bought back $108 billion in notes paying interest rates of at least 9 percent.
 While that’s short of the record HK$8550 the stock reached in October 2009, it’s still profitable for MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co, the unit of Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway that bought 225 million Hong Kong-listed shares of BYD for HK$8 each about five years ago.
 Piraeus, the country’s second-largest bank by assets, acquired its stake in Athens Water, the second-biggest holding in the company, when it bought part of Agricultural Bank of Greece in 2012.
May 16 (Bloomberg) -- Indian billionaire Gautam Adani, the founder of a coal mining, ports and power conglomerate, bought a port in the east-coast state of Odisha, increasing his capacity in a resource-rich region of the nation.
 Severstal started its global expansion in 2004, when it bought the bankrupt Dearborn plant for $285 million, beating a bid from US.
 The steelmaker also owns PBS Coal in Pennsylvania, which it bought for about $1 billion in 2008 and then partially closed in 2013.
 Relative Value Global funds bought a net 363 billion rupees of Indian stocks today, the highest single-day inflow since March 21, according to provisional data from the exchanges.
 Taishin Financial bought 23 percent of Chang Hwa for NT$365 billion ($12 billion) in 2005.
 An ounce of gold bought 6721 ounces of silver in London on April 30, the highest since July.
 In 1960, he married Margaret Ferter, a fellow Hungarian immigrant, and they bought their first home together with money she had saved from summer work in the Ontario tobacco fields.
 Profit Maker In that brick bungalow outside Guelph, he started Linamar as a precision tool company with a $1,000 lathe he bought and installed in the basement.
 Berkshire, the company run by billionaire Warren Buffett, created Berkadia with Leucadia in 2009 from a mortgage-lending business bought from bankrupt Capmark Financial Group Inc.
 In September, Ultratech bought the 48 million ton Gujarat unit of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd.
 Foreigners bought a net $88 million of local shares on May 8, a 13th day of purchases, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Foreigners have bought $56 billion of Indian shares this year, the second-most after Taiwan among 18 nations tracked by Bloomberg.
 Perry Capital LLC bought 18 million Herbalife shares during in the first quarter, raising its stake to 48 million shares with a value of $2749 million as of March 31.
 Hayman Capital Management LP, run by Bass, bought 318,000 shares with a value of about $182 million.
 Merging Units Terra Firma bought Awas from Morgan Stanley in 2006 for $25 billion and a year later added Pegasus for $52 billion, merging the two.
 Buyers from Blackstone Group LP (BX) to Cerberus Capital Management LP have bought billions of euros of debt from the agency as they wager on a recovery in property markets around Europe.
 Chatham and Cerberus, a New York-based private-equity firm, bought the hotels that operated under the Innkeepers brand more than two years ago.
 Bidder Participation Indirect bidders, the category of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought a record 663 percent of the securities.
 ‘No Doubt’ Chapman found that while it was unclear whether Ergen was acting for himself or Dish when he started making the purchases in 2012, there was “no doubt” he was acting on Dish’s behalf by April 2013, when he bought $320 million in face value of the debt and hired Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP as bankruptcy counsel.
 The loss-making company was upgraded by Standard & Poor’s last month after it agreed to be bought by Sigma Alimentos SA, a unit of Mexican conglomerate Alfa SAB, in partnership with Hong Kong-based pork producer WH Group Ltd.
 Skeie bought seismic data and settled the contract through a $42 million loan, and a cash payment of lower value than the loan, TGS Chief Financial Officer Kristian Johansen said in a phone interview today.
 Q-Cells, which makes cells and panels in Germany and Malaysia, was bought by Hanwha in late 2012 after becoming insolvent amid Chinese competition.
 The central bank bought $18 billion today of Treasuries due from October 2020 to March 2021.
 Overseas investors bought $32 billion more bonds than they sold in India and South Korea in May, while they sold $1 billion of Thai debt, the latest exchange data show.
 “If you look at the net position of middle-class Danish households it’s very, very sound, and you tend to miss that if you just look at the housing side of the equation” ‘Shock Solutions’ Owl Creek Asset Management LP, one of last year’s best-performing hedge funds, shorted Danish bonds and bought credit protection on its biggest lender, Danske Bank A/S, two people familiar with the matter said in February.
 Chinese developer Country Garden is marketing five-year securities which can be bought back after three years at a yield of about 8375 percent, the person with knowledge of that offering said, asking not to be identified because the terms aren’t set.
 e-cigarette market, said Fuller, the founder of Skycig, a company Greensboro, North Carolina-based Lorillard bought last year.
 Lorillard bought Skycig in October for about 30 million pounds ($50 million) in cash and a further 30 million pounds to be paid by 2016 if it meets certain financial targets.
 The market is now safe enough for Stanislas de Bellescize, a 44-year-old computer programmer who recently took the plunge and bought a house two subway stops from the affluent Salamanca district in downtown Madrid.
 “It’ll take time but residential tourism will eventually help to revive local real-estate demand as well” The improvement is already attracting investors such as Blackstone Group LP, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Azora Capital SL, which last year bought apartment blocks and social-housing developments from local authorities in Madrid.
 We expect that this transaction would further strengthen the breadth of our pipeline and create a stronger research platform” Pfizer may elect not to pursue less advanced therapies, Bush said, adding that the New York-based company abandoned antibacterial programs of at least three companies it bought: Vicuron Pharmaceuticals Inc, Pharmacia Corp.
 Had the rights involved not held any value, “no purchaser would have bought the assets,” Huffard said.
 “It should be sold rather than bought by the state” to remove market uncertainty, he said.
 “Anyone who bought US.
May 8 (Bloomberg) -- Gold Fields Ltd’s South Deep mine, plagued by delays since it was bought for $3 billion in 2006, will underpin long-term growth and be ready for full output by 2017, Chief Executive Officer Nick Holland said.
 The company has issued Class A shares as scrip dividend and bought back Class B equities to counter dilution of its stock since 2011.
 It bought 8699 US.
 Foreigners bought $144 billion of shares during the period amid speculation Modi will do more than the outgoing Congress Party-led alliance to revive economic growth from near the weakest pace in a decade.
 “The squad was bought on the cheap,” Sanchez said.
 United Spirits bought Glasgow, Scotland-based Whyte & Mackay for 595 million pounds in 2007.
 The operation was refocused on the high-frequency business travel market and sold in 2006 to Air Berlin Plc, which later also bought long-haul carrier LTU from Intro.
May 28 (Bloomberg) -- Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC, which bought the local retail assets of Barclays Plc last month, is weighing whether to change its name as it targets more non-Muslim customers beyond its home market.
 The deal is the second of its kind for ADIB, which bought a stake in Egypt’s non-Shariah compliant National Bank of Development in 2007.
 We are exposed to the CIS markets, but not to the same level as Europe” ArcelorMittal is among the biggest foreign investors in Ukraine, having bought mills and mines from the government for about $48 billion in 2005.
 Barclays bought Spain’s Banco Zaragozano SA, a consumer and commercial bank, in 2003 for about 114 billion euros to become the country’s largest foreign-owned bank.
 Pharmstandard was formed in 2003, when Abramovich’s Millhouse and Pharmstandard’s Chairman Viktor Kharitonin bought Russian assets belonging to ICN Pharmaceuticals for about $55 million.
 Baosteel in 2009 bought a 15 percent stake in Aquila at A$650 a share, and a further 46 percent stake in December.
 While 48 percent can be purchased immediately, the remaining 5 percent can only be bought upon approval by Australia’s foreign investment board.
 It had bought an initial stake of 10 percent in February.
 In February, Coca-Cola bought 167 million newly issued shares in Keurig for about $125 billion and said it had the option to raise the stake to as much as 16 percent during the first 36 months.
 DIC, owned by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid AlMaktoum’s Dubai Holding, bought Mauser from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s One Equity Partners LLC.
 EON bought an initial 10 percent stake in 2012 for 850 million reais and laid out plans for a grand partnership with the Brazilian entrepreneur.
 when Qualcomm bought the company in 2011.
 schools cut their use of lean, finely textured beef by more than 94 percent in the most recent fiscal year, resisting meat-industry efforts to win acceptance of the product that food activists have dubbed “pink slime” Schools bought 392,000 pounds of ground beef containing the substance through the National School Lunch Program in the year through September, US.
 It bought the Seara food-processing assets from Marfrig Global Foods SA for 585 billion reais ($26 billion) in June.
 bought the Gherkin for 600 million pounds in 2007 with a fund managed by Germany’s IVG Immobilien AG.
 “As more people have bought security technologies, it’s become harder for sure,” said Jacob Olcott, a principal at Good Harbor Security Risk Management in Washington.
 Bright Food bought a 60 percent stake in British cereal maker Weetabix Ltd.
 and Switzerland and bought at inflated prices with drug money, Ortega said.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 “The market is overbought,” said Rogier Quirijns, who helps oversee $49 billion of assets at Cohen & Steers Inc, including shares in Hibernia REIT.
 The Cupertino, California-based company has bought 24 companies over the past 18 months, mostly small.
 The team was debt-free before the US-based Glazer family bought it in 2005 in a leveraged takeover.
 Walgreen, based in Deerfield, Illinois, bought 45 percent of Alliance Boots in August 2012, giving it the option to acquire the rest of Europe’s largest pharmacy chain within three years.
 “The glory days of limitless cheap labor are really over” The proliferation of inexpensive smartphones -- a basic model can be bought online for 200 yuan -- has made it easier for leaderless groups of workers to mobilize.
 Private-equity shareholders are exiting stakes they bought since the financial crisis as investors return to Europe’s IPO markets, which raised about $27 billion since the start of the year, the most in the period since 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The Indian currency pared gains on speculation the Reserve Bank of India bought the greenback to contain volatility in the exchange rate, according to five traders, who asked not to be identified as the information isn’t public.
 Global investors have bought more than $10 billion of local stocks and bonds in 2014.
 Overseas investors bought a net $2102 million of shares on May 9, the 14th day of purchases, taking this year’s inflows to $56 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Kevin Maher said he bought and sold gold and gold futures and options and claimed the banks overseeing the century-old benchmark colluded to manipulate it.
 bought OfficeMax Inc.
 In November 2007, Allen bought the work for $342 million at Christie’s.
 Its seller bought it in 2010 for $11 million, according to a price database by Artnet Worldwide Corp.
 At Christie’s a Clyfford Still abstract painting “PH-1033” from 1976 fetched $175 million; the seller bought the piece in 2011 for $198 million at Sotheby’s.
 CI’s then Chief Executive Officer Bill Holland established an anti-takeover defense after Scotiabank bought the shares from Sun Life Financial Inc.
 Made Money Scotiabank first bought a CI stake in 2008 as part of an expansion in wealth management.
 The Fed bought $1 billion of Treasuries today due from November 2039 to August 2043 as part of the stimulus program.
 As part of its international ambition, the company bought Spanish brandy company San Bruno SA.
 United Spirits bought Whyte & Mackay for 595 million pounds in 2007.
 Quaker Oats, maker of brands including Gatorade, Rice-A-Roni, Cap’n Crunch and Aunt Jemima, was bought by PepsiCo Inc.
 More than half of the gas in the continent is now bought and sold at market prices, and that share will rise as trading volume increase, Jean-Francois Cirelli, president of Brussels-based lobby group Eurogas, said May 14 in Brussels.
 Sanofi was among the bidders for Merck & Co’s over-the-counter unit, people with knowledge of the matter said in March, before Bayer AG bought the division for $142 billion.
 The company has bought back about 100 million pounds of shares so far, Cousins said.
 “We intend to roll out that service in a very serious way over the next couple of years” Blackstone bought Vivint for about $2 billion in 2012.
 Five of the top 10 pieces in the sale were bought by Xin Li, Christie’s deputy chairman in Asia, who bid on behalf of clients on the telephone.
 Wire Whiskers The Bergmans bought the mobile, which depicts the silhouette of a fish with wire whiskers, in 1965.
 It was bought by Laura Paulson, Christie’s chairman and international director of postwar and contemporary art.
 The purchase follows three sewage-treatment plants bought late last year that are operated by Beijing Municipal Group Co, Sound Global said.
 Gryphon bought Ann’s House of Nuts and Amport Foods and rolled the business into newly formed holding company Flagstone in 2010.
 While there are “definitely” dangers worth monitoring in the deals, such as how well landlords can fill vacancies after leases expire, the transactions are “well-structured” and poised to benefit from a shift away from homeownership, said Khanduja, whose firms oversees $13 billion and bought pieces of the first two offerings.
 The New York-based bank bought $325 billion of Argentine bonds from Repsol SA as a wager the notes will rally and hasn’t hedged them, according to a person with direct knowledge of the bank’s strategy.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- India’s rupee fell on speculation importers bought dollars to meet month-end import payments and as the benchmark stock index dropped the most in four months.
 He bought what made sense.
 He bought the home, built in 1931, for $423,000 below its list price.
 The lawsuit alleges Donald Sterling had a sexual relationship with Stiviano and that he bought her a $18 million duplex, two Bentleys, a Ferrari and a Range Rover, as well as spending $240,000 on her upkeep, all of which came out of community property without Shelly Sterling’s consent.
 Permira bought All3Media in 2006, after the television producer decided against an initial public offering.
 China, the world’s second-largest economy, bought more than 200,000 bottles of Beaujolais Nouveau in 2012, making it the world’s sixth-biggest market, ahead of Switzerland, Italy and the UK, according to figures from Ubifrance, based in Boulevard Saint-Jacques, France, the nation’s export promotion agency.
 Mitsui, Japan’s second-largest trader, bought back 50 billion yen of stock in February, its first repurchase in more than a decade.
May 20 (Bloomberg) -- Brookfield Asset Management Inc, Canada’s biggest manager of alternative assets, bought Thayer Lodging Group, a closely held investor in hotels including a Ritz-Carlton and a JW Marriott in San Francisco.
 His company, bought by private equity giant Blackstone Group LP in 2012 for about $2 billion, is already stealing away some of your business -- and plans to steal a lot more.
 Business Restructured South Africa’s over-the-counter market growth slowed to half the pace of a year earlier as consumers bought smaller packs and lower-priced products, Wakeford said.
 San Diego Clippers Sterling bought the then-San Diego Clippers in 1981 for $125 million.
 Sterling told his staff at buildings he bought in Koreatown, west of downtown Los Angeles, that he didn’t want black or Latino tenants, according to the complaint.
 If I bought a product at a high price, I have to sell it at a higher price” Decisions like Karapetyan’s have helped drive inflation this year.
 As part of a consortium, CKI bought the UK’s Northumbrian Water Group in 2011.
 Xerox was more than five years late when Affiliated Computer Services -- a company it bought in 2010 -- implemented a new system for New Hampshire last year.
 When LSE bought the business, “it was a transformational acquisition that allowed us to deliver cutting-edge, cost-effective technology solutions to our markets and partners around the world,” Rolet said in the memo.
 The shares have risen 72 percent in the past year on speculation it could be bought by a content-hungry company like Netflix or Amazoncom Inc.
 While the Internet companies which have bought up DHX content are starting to produce their own shows, Campbell said they can’t match DHX’s line-up of brands that parents know and may have watched themselves.
 In 1979, Schmidheiny’s mother suggested investing in winemaking overseas, and the family bought the Cuvaison vineyard in California’s Napa Valley.
 He says he overpaid for the winery when he bought it in 2000, just before overplanting in Australia led to what Schmidheiny calls “a lake of grapes” That “pushed prices down, and we were a victim,” Schmidheiny said.
 San Diego Clippers Sterling bought the then-San Diego Clippers in 1981 for $125 million.
 Sterling told his staff at buildings he bought in Koreatown, west of downtown Los Angeles, that he didn’t want black or Latino tenants, according to the complaint.
 The Chinese government rejected the charges as “absurd” Mandiant, a cybersecurity provider bought by FireEye in January, tracked connections made by members of Unit 61398 to the remote servers they used to hack into target networks.
 “You wouldn’t” In June 2001, two weeks after Obus bought 287,000 SunSource shares, Allied Capital Corp.
 “We bought enough to hit a home run, but we hit about a double or a triple,” Burgdoerfer said at the Barclays Retail and Consumer Discretionary Conference.
 “We have grown that business very nicely, but we bought a lot of sports bras” L Brands is seeking new sources of growth at Victoria’s Secret, its biggest division, by expanding beyond traditional lingerie and sleepwear.
 The operator of the Amsterdam and Paris exchanges will become independent for the first time since 2007, when it was bought by NYSE Group Inc.
 After a series of acquisitions including that of Liffe, Europe’s second-largest derivatives market, Euronext was bought by NYSE Group Inc.
 A reading above 70 indicates to some investors that a security is overbought.
 Blackstone, based in New York, bought a majority stake in the San Diego-area hotel in 2011 and formed a joint venture with Strategic and KSL Resorts to recapitalize the oceanfront resort.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- Liquefied natural gas sellers may face more competitive markets in Japan and South Korea, which together bought more than half of the world’s supply in 2013, after China signed a mega gas deal with Russia.
 “The sharp surge in local stock indexes is also a positive for the rupee” Global funds bought $981 million more Indian bonds and stocks than they sold in the first two days of this week, exchange data show.
 Gains in the rupee were capped on May 15 on speculation the Reserve Bank of India bought dollars, according to three traders who asked not to be identified.
 judge to keep secret some details about assets the group bought for $45 billion at a Nortel Networks Corp.
 A trial scheduled to start next week in Wilmington, Delaware, threatens to reveal confidential information the companies gained when they bought more than 6,000 patents from Nortel, the defunct telecommunications company, the group said in court papers.
 Temasek, directly or through its units, bought 53 million shares valued at $634 million in Thermo Fisher, a manufacturer of scientific instruments and chemicals, according to a filing yesterday with the US.
 They entered partnerships, ordered new vessels or bought ship debt at the fastest pace since 2008 as a fifth year of near zero interest rates saw more money chasing fewer deals.
 It bought BluFi Lending to gain offices in California and Nevada in May and has “a couple” of pending deals it should complete within several months, Middleman said.
 More recently, National Australia Bank Ltd, which bought Florida-based mortgage servicer HomeSide Lending Inc.
 Tiger bought 39 million shares of car-rental company Avis Budget Group Inc, which had a market value of $190 million as of March 31, according to a filing with the US.
 The team was debt-free before the Glazers bought it in a leveraged takeover.
 The gateway to Tesco’s online world is the Hudl, the tablet introduced in September and which can be bought for as little as 60 pounds with the company’s Clubcard loyalty points.
 Second Weapon Clarke bought BlinkBox in 2011, inspired by Amazon acquiring local rival Lovefilm.
 senator who bought the Bucks in 1985, has agreed to donate $100 million for a new arena in Milwaukee.
 Severstal bought the Dearborn, Michigan plant in 2004 as part of its $2855 million takeover of Rouge Industries Inc.
 On May 5, the company said it bought flash startup DSSD Inc, following the purchase of ScaleIO Inc.
 ‘Deeply Overbought’ ‘Daily and weekly momentum is now deeply overbought,’’ Gabriel Mann, a strategist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s RBS Securities unit in Stamford, Connecticut, another primary dealer, wrote in a note to clients, citing technical analysis.
 More Stores GP Investments Ltd, founded by Brazilian billionaire Jorge Paulo Lemann, bought a third of Beleza Natural for 70 million reais last year.
 GP, based in Hamilton, Bermuda, bought the stake as an “opportunity to get into a company with clear competitive advantages that benefits from an extremely favorable market,” according to a regulatory filing when it purchased the stake in July.
 And if things turn worse, then we’ll work to maintain that target” Latam Airlines was formed when Chile’s Lan Airlines SA bought Tam to gain a foothold in the biggest emerging market after China.
 Qatar Record Qatari stocks surged to 13,35054, the highest since at least 1998 when Bloomberg started tracking the market, as investors bought shares of companies that will be included in the MSCI Inc.
 Toronto-Dominion last year bought Target’s $59 billion credit card portfolio, while Capital One bought HSBC Holdings Plc’s store-branded cards in 2012.
Deutsche Bank AG, Europe’s biggest investment bank, bought a portfolio of Irish rental homes from Danske Bank A/S (DANSKE) as the Danish lender pulls back from the country, two people familiar with the matter said.
 The original homeowners bought them as investments before falling behind with mortgage payments.
 Deutsche Bank bought the properties through its structured credit business, according to one of the people.
 Lawyers for the joint venture that Microsoft, Apple and Sony formed to buy the patents in 2011, Rockstar Consortium Inc, will be following the trial along with Ericsson AB, which bought Nortel’s wireless unit for $1 billion.
 They entered partnerships, ordered new vessels or bought ship debt at the fastest pace since 2008 as a fifth year of about zero interest rates saw more money chasing fewer deals.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- Lone Star Funds plans to sell TLG Immobilien GmbH, the German property company it bought for 11 billion euros ($15 billion) last year, in an initial public offering, three people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Offices, Warehouses TLG Immobilien managed about 800 offices, warehouses and hotels in eastern Germany when Lone Star bought the company.
 Lone Star bought TLG for its Real Estate Fund II for about 594 million euros in cash and 504 million euros of assumed debt.
 He said the SNB bought equities as a means of mitigating risk, because their potential return was better than those of the bonds issued by major advanced economies.
 from taking full control of a local fashion chain since 1997, bought shares in David Jones Ltd.
 has bought 35 million shares in David Jones, or about 065 percent, the Sydney-based department store said in a regulatory statement today.
 Lew, or anyone else, has bought shares in David Jones,” Angus Urquhart, an external spokesman for Woolworths at Hintons & Associates, said by phone.
 Almost every company he bought into had a higher market value after he exited, he said.
 $7 Billion New York-based Loral could be bought for more than $80 a share, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The risk is that speculative traders, who bought debt on the assumption the European Central Bank would support the market, may try to flee at the same time if the outlook darkens.
 plans to hold some of the $325 billion of Argentine bonds it bought from Repsol SA as a wager the securities will rally and hasn’t hedged them, according to a person with direct knowledge of the bank’s strategy.
 There’s more growth to grab, as just half the calories Brazilian dogs consume comes from store-bought chow, compared with more than 80 percent in the US.
 Still, Purina trails closely held Mars, which in April bought three Procter & Gamble Co.
 UBS said in court documents that the deal, where the two parties bought and sold credit protection in complex financial transactions that included a single-tranche collateralized-debt obligation, was intended to “diversify” KWL’s risk from prior loans and to generate cash.
 After Kerr-McGee spun off its chemicals business and old environmental liabilities as Tronox, the Woodlands, Texas-based Anadarko bought the oil and gas business that remained for $18 billion.
 Sirens Media Leftfield Entertainment was formed in 2013 when Leftfield Pictures bought Sirens Media, and it has established two joint ventures, with the businesses producing more than 300 hours of unscripted programming.
 In the past 10 years, Ares has bought more than 20 companies, including luggage maker Samsonite Corp, vitamin seller GNC Holdings Inc, budget chain 99 Cents Only Stores and luxury retailer Neiman Marcus Inc, which it acquired in October for $6 billion in its largest-ever deal.
 His exit continues a shuffling of executives that includes Snabe leaving and last year’s departure of Lars Dalgaard, a board member who had been CEO of SuccessFactors Inc, a Silicon Valley software maker SAP bought in 2012.
 The database, which SAP said can speed up processing transactions and analyzing data in the company’s flagship Business Suite and other applications, is the company’s bid to gain a greater share of businesses’ information technology spending from Oracle, whose market-leading database is often bought in conjunction with SAP.
 automaker owned by Fiat SpA, lost $690 million in the first quarter when it bought the shares held by a union retiree medical trust, paving the way for integration of the companies.
 That extends a trend from last year, when private-equity firms bought 180 corporate spinoffs, the most since 2002, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Carlyle Group LP bought three business units, including Johnson & Johnson’s medical diagnostics business, accounting for almost all of its $98 billion total deal value so far this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Private-equity executives say they can increase the value of discarded assets more easily than companies bought whole or from other buyout firms.
 “We’ve never seen the trading houses make these many moves into the physical space in such a short period of time” In February, Castleton, a Wilton, Connecticut-based merchant, bought more than 500 natural gas wells and 80,000 acres in mineral leases in East Texas.
 It’s also developing a condensate splitter complex in Corpus Christi and said today that a subsidiary had bought a gas-processing plant in New Mexico and 225 miles (362 kilometers) of gathering lines from a unit of Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
 “There’s a lot of arbitrage opportunity and money to be made there” Amit Bhandari founded Houston energy merchant BioUrja Trading LLC in 2006 and bought a shuttered refinery in Albany, New York, the following year, turning it into a terminal to load ethanol from the Midwest onto barges.
 The complaint was made against its Mine Waste Solutions unit that the gold producer bought in July 2012.
 CKG already operates SN Chocodi, the Abidjan-based processing plant bought from Barry Callebaut AG in 2008.
 Roman, 50, joined Man Group in 2010 after it bought GLG for $16 billion.
 Emma Delta, a Cyprus-based equity fund also controlled by Smejc, bought a 33 percent-stake in Greek gambling company Opap SA last year.
 have both tied up with India’s Tata Group for separate ventures while Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC has bought a stake in Jet Airways (India) Ltd.
 That’s a turnaround from the previous three years, when investors bought defensive shares, such as makers of consumer goods and pharmaceuticals.
 Overseas investors bought a net $2429 million of Indian shares on May 19, taking this year’s inflow to $76 billion, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 drugmaker shifted its legal domicile to Ireland when it bought Warner Chilcott Plc last year.
 The company also bought gourmet jerky maker Golden Island for $35 million in September.
 Pinnacle last year bought Unilever’s Wish-Bone salad dressings unit for $580 million.
 In the US, JBS bought Smithfield Foods Inc’s beef-packing business in 2008 and gained control of chicken processor Pilgrim’s the following year.
 Blackstone Group LP bought the foodmaker for $22 billion about seven years ago and took it public again in March 2013.
 It also bought 12 million shares of Illumina Inc.
 distributors are required to hold, may prove whether its protein shakes and vitamins are actually bought by consumers seeking healthy products or merely by distributors trying to get rich quickly.
 Most bought weight-management products, the company said.
 Since Sweden’s Astra AB was bought by Zeneca Plc in 1999, the combined company has diminished its presence in the Scandinavian country.
 drugmaker bought Pharmacia Corp, the product of a merger of Sweden’s Pharmacia AB and Michigan-based Upjohn Co, in 2003, and has reduced its presence in the Scandinavian country since then.
 Stockland on March 19 bought a 199 percent stake in Australand from CapitaLand Ltd.
 About 150,000 bullish contracts on the VIX expiring in September with a strike price of 19 were bought, according to an e-mailed note from Lake Hill Capital Management LLC, which specializes in derivatives trading and research.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 NBIM in September 2010 sued Citigroup over $835 million in losses in the bank’s stock and bonds, claiming it misrepresented its financial condition and failed to disclose information as the fund bought securities at inflated prices between January 2007 and January 2009.
 The CEO bought and sold the shares under a 10b5-1 trading plan entered into on March 4, according to the filing.
 Brightstar then bought SoftBank’s Commerce and Services division in February, a move Claure said would generate an additional $3 billion in sales for Brightstar.
 He already owns Bolivia’s top team, Club Bolivar, which he bought in 2008.
 The hotel, nicknamed the Cosmo, began to take shape in 2004, when developer Ian Bruce Eichner bought 8½ acres on Las Vegas Boulevard.
 Apax, which had been poised to take Travelex public in an initial public offering, bought control of the chain in 2005 in a deal that valued the company at about 11 billion pounds ($185 billion).
 Baar, Switzerland-based Glencore, the world’s fourth-largest mining company, bought Vale’s European manganese assets for $160 million in 2012 and produced 191,000 tons of the metal last year.
 Scotiabank will sell 72 million CI shares in a so-called “bought deal” for C$3160 each, the Toronto-based bank said today in a statement.
 In a bought deal, banks managing the secondary sale will be left holding any unsold shares.
 The company bought a 635 percent stake Dangote Flour Mills from Dangote Industries Ltd.
 in 2009 and bought that bank’s remaining stake in the business last year.
 Guangdong Rising bought a 199 percent stake in PanAust for A$202 per share in 2009, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Only after the transaction is done do the traders find out who they bought or sold from, Toffey said.
 Prices on the auction system also often change from the time of initiating the transaction to finalizing it, unlike on an order book where the price is firm and contracts can be bought or sold instantly.
 Dodd-Frank Prior to being regulated under the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010, swaps were bought and sold over the phone or electronically between banks and their customers.
 The German operator, which bought its stake in the former fixed-line monopoly in 2000, has a pre-purchase right if a direct sale to an investor is chosen, the memorandum says.
 Nasdaq, which bought the bond-trading division last year, is targeting arbitragers seeking to profit off differences between Treasury prices on ESpeed and prices for Treasury futures on CME Group’s Chicago-based market, said Joe Noviello, head of Nasdaq OMX ESpeed.
 ESpeed Purchase Nasdaq bought ESpeed from BGC Partners Inc.
 Agencies are also probing compliance with sales guidelines on home loans bought by government-sponsored enterprises “and various practices related to lender-placed insurance,” the Minneapolis-based company said today in its quarterly regulatory filing.
 The firm last September bought the Hughes Center office complex in Las Vegas for $347 million.
 Soros Fund Soros Fund Management LLC increased its stake in Barrick Gold Corp, the largest producer, in the first quarter and also bought more shares in the Market Vectors Gold Miners ETP, according to a filing.
 Bullion climbed 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Federal Reserve bought debt and held borrowing costs near zero percent.
 bought out Vodafone Group Plc’s stake in their wireless venture for $130 billion this year.
 In November 2007, Allen bought the work for $342 million at Christie’s.
 Its seller bought it in 2010 for $11 million, according to a price database by Artnet Worldwide Corp.
 At Christie’s a Clyfford Still abstract painting “PH-1033” from 1976 fetched $175 million; the seller bought the piece in 2011 for $198 million at Sotheby’s.
 In 2010, the company bought the Hyatt Center in Chicago, its first investment outside of California.
 “Hence, better to spend all the money on buying shares than pursuing other projects” Lukoil managers led by Alekperov and Vice President Leonid Fedun have pledged to keep adding to holdings they bought last year.
 bought last year for $11 billion.
 He bought the Havells brand more than a decade later and expanded it from a garage-based manufacturing and distribution company to a business with about a dozen factories in India, as well as in Europe, Latin America, Africa and China, according to its website.
 Bankruptcy Dewey Managers Use Indictment to Fend Off Lawsuit The three former top executives at Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP, indicted by the Manhattan district attorney for falsely portraying the failing law firm’s financial condition, are using the criminal proceedings to halt a lawsuit by an insurance company that bought $35 million in notes.
 The 14-day relative strength index for the Micex climbed to 67 today, approaching the level of 70, a threshold that signals to some analysts a security has been overbought.
 SeaFrance constituted an enterprise because its purchase allowed Eurotunnel to establish ferry operations quicker, cheaper and with less risk than if the rail company had bought alternative assets separately, the regulator said.
 “We are particularly excited to significantly broaden our exposure to the growth prospects present in South Africa and sub-Saharan Africa” Alex Forbes was delisted and bought out by companies including Actis LLP and Ethos Private Equity Ltd.
 The tour comes a day after the central bank said it will recapitalize Corporate Bank and its unit, the former subsidiary of Credit Agricole that it bought on June 12, after placing them in receivership on June 20 and June 22, respectively.
 Foreigners have bought a net $161 billion of local shares since Sept.
 “The market is slightly overbought and we could see some correction,” K.
 “The new plants will run at current prices, but they won’t cover their costs,” Ricardo Klimaschka, a power trader at Energieunion GmbH who has bought and sold electricity for 14 years, said June 25 by e-mail from Schwerin, Germany.
 Netto disappeared from Britain after Asda bought its 193 stores in the country and converted most of them to supermarkets.
 Bank of America and firms it acquired issued about $965 billion between 2004 and 2008, while JPMorgan and firms it bought issued $450 billion, according to analysts at Sanford C.
June 26 (Bloomberg) -- China Construction Bank Corp, the nation’s second-largest lender, bought an office building in London for 110 million pounds ($187 million) as it expands in Europe after becoming the city’s first yuan clearing bank.
 China Life, the nation’s largest insurer, last week bought 70 percent of an office tower in London in a deal with a total value of 795 million pounds.
 EDF Energies Nouvelles and Luxembourg-based Eren Groupe SA bought a 50 percent stake in the unit last year.
 JGBs also gained after the Bank of Japan bought 630 billion yen ($62 billion) of the debt through its stimulus program.
 Unibail bought a 51 percent stake in the holding company that owns MFI in 2012 from New York-based private equity firm Perella Weinberg Partners LP, which retained 49 percent.
 shares are already being valued at about eight times last year’s profit, based on its net debt and its trading in the when-issued market, where shares are bought and sold among a limited pool of investors.
 The two companies together bought UK-based TV company All3Media last month, in a deal valuing the producer of shows such as “Undercover Boss” and “Embarrassing Bodies” at 550 million pounds ($934 million).
 CVC bought a 634 percent stake in Formula One using $25 billion of loans in 2006 and has since sold some of its shares.
 Of those who bought “The Fault in Our Stars” tickets, most have read Green’s book and seen “Divergent,” according to a survey by the online ticket site.
 has bought 17 and Air China Ltd.
 The deal marks Merck’s first acquisition of size since it bought Schering-Plough Corp.
June 12 (Bloomberg) -- An insurer tied to Apollo Global Management LLC bought a stake in AmeriHome Mortgage Company LLC, a lender taken over this year by a group including former Countrywide Financial Corp.
 The insurer last quarter bought bonds backed by assets including home loans that were made before the housing crash and newer high-yield corporate loans, according to regulatory data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Furash ran the banking unit he co-founded at Countrywide before leaving the company in early 2007, the year before the lender was bought by Bank of America Corp.
 AmeriHome, a lender founded in 1988, was bought from Impac Mortgage Holdings Inc.
 “This just enhances our conviction that Argentina should be bought on dips,” Jorge Piedrahita, the chief executive officer of New York-based Torino Capital LLC, said in an e-mail.
 Gordon declined to name the stocks Pimco has bought in recent months.
 Global Asset Capital, a Palo Alto, California-based private-equity firm bought four buildings in the center of Lisbon earlier this week from Portuguese power company EDP-Energias de Portugal.
 The assets were bought by Deutsche Bank AG, a person with knowledge of the deal said.
 The Japanese industrial machinery maker also bought Shin Fujikasui Engineering Co.
 The work has hung in the restaurant since it opened in July 1959, and the area where it is located has become known as “Picasso Alley” Vivendi SA, which bought Seagram in 2000, planned to sell the curtain at an auction of works in 2003 to reduce debt and later decided to donate it to the conservancy.
 Penney also gave back 11 million shares it bought for $350 each and the right to have board representation at Stewart’s company.
 Siri, Skybox Last month, Espoo, Finland-based Nokia bought Desti, which uses language-processing technology to provide personal recommendations for travelers.
 bought Inhibitex Inc.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Mediclinic International Ltd, South Africa’s largest private-hospital owner, bought Clinique La Colline in Switzerland, using some of the 318 billion rand ($300 million) it raised earlier this month.
 ABB bought Thomas & Betts in 2012.
 Royal Bank of Canada sees two scenarios in Annie’s future: it either substantially improves margins, or it gets bought.
 “You don’t want to alienate those people who brought you there” With the stock down as much as it is though, “Annie’s is probably hoping to get bought out,” he said.
 In 2012, Williams bought about 25 percent of Oklahoma City-based Access and half of its general partner -- called Access Midstream Partners GP LLC.
 Google bought Motorola Mobility as part of a $124 billion deal in 2012 and subsequently created its own smartphones such as the Moto G.
 The Sensex has risen 19 percent this year, the most among BRIC markets, as foreigners bought $99 billion of domestic shares, the highest inflows among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Overseas funds bought a net $5227 million of local shares on May 29, the first inflow in a week.
June 9 (Bloomberg) -- Facebook Inc, the world’s biggest social network, bought land next to its headquarters expansion site in California’s Silicon Valley with plans to hold it as a real estate investment.
 HCA was bought by companies including KKR and Bain for $321 billion.
 TweetDeck, one of the biggest Twitter client programs, which lets people use the microblogging service via another program, was bought by Twitter in May 2011 for about $20 million.
 The same month New York-based Ripplewood Advisors bought a stake in luxury housing developer Six of October Development & Investment, while London-based Actis LLP said it intends to make two acquisitions in Egypt’s consumer and health-care industries.
 Edita is the largest independent snack food business in North Africa, Actis said in June 2013 when it bought a $102 million stake in the company.
 Foreigners have bought a net $99 billion of local shares this year, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Overseas investors bought a net $2102 million of Indian shares on June 13.
 “I bought one, and I wore it to the office, and people said, ‘Wow, you look great,’ so I bought some more,” said Hanson, an athletic 44-year-old.
 ‘Savviest Guys’ Canada Pension’s most recent New York acquisition was in early 2012, when it bought a stake in 10 East 53rd St.
 Vornado bought a 95 percent stake in the tower in 2011 in a deal that valued it at about $427 million.
 The 52 year-old father of three bought a Hyundai Elantra with a five-year murabaha from Bank of Khartoum, one week before the ban was implemented.
 The current owners bought the building, two blocks west of Grand Central Terminal between 44th and 45th streets, in January 2012 for $390 million, according to New York-based research firm Real Capital Analytics Inc.
 and that helps” Fiat bought full control of Chrysler in January, with the merger part of Marchionne’s decade-long effort to turn the Turin-based company into a carmaker big enough to challenge General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG and Toyota Motor Corp.
 Over the past year, Axel Springer and its ventures bought control of companies including Runtastic GmbH, a maker of a run-tracking application, news broadcaster N24 Media GmbH, UK.
 The company, which the private equity firms bought in 2010, operates 44 hospitals including the Prince of Wales Private Hospital in Sydney and Melbourne Private Hospital, according to its website.
 The central bank said on June 22 it would increase the capital of CCB and the former local unit of Credit Agricole SA that CCB bought earlier this month after both lenders were placed in receivership.
 A partnership led by New York real estate investor David Werner bought the tower from AVR Realty Co, said Allan Rose, AVR’s owner and chief executive officer.
 The price is 17 percent more than what AVR paid in 2007, when it bought the building from Boston Properties Inc.
 The 14-day relative strength index rose above 70 yesterday, a threshold that signals to some analysts a security is overbought.
 The number of Sibanye shares increased after the unbundling and after the company bought the Cooke mines from Gold One International Ltd.
 ‘Home Run’ Gaffney bought a convertible bond from Boise, Idaho-based chipmaker Micron Technology Inc.
 Dell Bonds Dell’s 54 percent bond that matures in 2040, which was downgraded by Standard & Poor’s to junk status in September, lost value after Gaffney bought it, falling from about 92 cents on the dollar to less than 70 cents in November.
 “There’s no ‘let’s become defensive now’ after coming this far” The first public debt offering since Rakuten was founded in 1997 strengthened finances after it bought messaging service Viber Media for $900 million in March, intensifying competition with companies such as SoftBank Corp, Amazoncom Inc.
 Mikitani’s company has bought online businesses including US.
 First Quantum, which has mines in Africa, Australia and Europe, completed its biggest deal last year when it bought Inmet Mining Corp.
 At the same time, the company has bought back, refinanced and extended debt maturities while shifting assets into entities with less debt, including Caesars Growth Partners LLC.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates NBD PJSC’s Dnata in April, in the US.
 Vedanta didn’t invest the $375 million it committed to when it bought its Zambian copper operations, the minister said.
 New York-based Vornado bought a 95 percent stake in the tower in 2011, which valued it at $427 million.
 “The real estate conditions right now in terms of fundamentals are very strong and we believe that it’s a market that’s going to be around for the long run” Canada Pension’s most recent New York acquisition was in early 2012, when it bought a stake in 10 E.
June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Travelport Worldwide Ltd, the travel-booking platform bought by Blackstone Group LP eight years ago, filed for a US.
 The operator of the Amsterdam and Paris exchanges will become independent for the first time since 2007, when it was bought by NYSE Group Inc.
 “We bought a bit on the way down and we’ll wait for it to come down again” The stronger number in ISM’s correction is more consistent with other economic data, said Walter “Bucky” Hellwig, who helps manage $17 billion at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
 During this period, McDonald also faced pressure from activist investor Bill Ackman, who had bought a stake in the consumer products maker and pushed to replace him.
 It bought Inmet Mining Corp.
 During this period, McDonald also faced pressure from activist investor Bill Ackman, who had bought a stake in the consumer products maker and pushed to replace him.
 Indirect bidders, a category of investors that includes foreign central banks, bought 597, compared with the average of 463 percent at the past 10 auctions.
 Sberbank bought control in YandexMoney last year for about $60 million.
 Beats Electronics, the music-gear maker being bought by Apple Inc, started a music-streaming service in January.
 Foreigners have bought a net $82 billion of local shares this year, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, on expectations the new government will boost efforts to revive economic growth.
 Foreign funds bought a net $216 million of local shares today, according to provisional data from the exchanges.
 bought Paris-based Euronext in 2007, renamed itself NYSE Euronext, and then sold to Atlanta-based ICE seven months ago.
 shares rose the most in two years after a trader bought bullish options and investors speculated Colgate-Palmolive Co.
 Yandex bought delivery-services aggregator Multiship in January.
 The company also bought 31 percent of Russian children’s goods retailer eSkyru for the equivalent of $19 million in February.
 Those who bought bunds and Italian bonds on expectations that QE in the euro zone was very close may be disappointed” Most European bonds fell today as a report showed euro-area manufacturing and services output growth slowed more than economists forecast in May, adding to pressure on the ECB to deliver stimulus in its battle against disinflation.
 Last year Moise Safra bought a 40 percent stake in New York’s General Motors building in a partnership with Chinese real estate billionaire Zhang Xin, after paying about $809 million in 2012 for the Plantation Place office block in London.
 Indian Airlines agreed to buy the Airbus planes after it got guarantees that the aircraft sold by the manufacturer would not cost more than those bought by Southeast Asian carriers.
 Today, it’s led by representatives from four banks who on, a daily conference call, agree a price at which the metal is bought and sold.
 Bank of America and firms it purchased issued about $965 billion between 2004 and 2008, while JPMorgan and firms it bought issued $450 billion, according to analysts at Sanford C.
 Regardless of when holders of Argentina’s defaulted bondsbought them -- post-default or not -- the country’s effort toswitch them out for restructured bonds looked past the clause inthe bond agreement that barred it from treating the newsecurities more favorably than the old ones, as Greg Stohr putit yesterday.
 Icahn bought the shares because he plans to push for a merger with Dollar General Corp, according to a person with knowledge of the investor’s thinking.
 Icahn and his affiliates bought 107 million shares and options for about $2658 million, according to a June 6 filing with the US.
 Today, it’s led by representatives from four banks who, on a daily conference call, agree on a price at which the metal is bought and sold.
 New York time today, signaling investors expect to get bought out for at least that much.
 “The question is, how does the JSE avoid this happening in future?” Aspen supplies medicines in more than 150 countries and last year bought injectable thrombosis brands, including a manufacturing site and inventory, from London-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc for 700 million pounds ($12 billion).
 California-based Francisco Partners LLC bought Herzliya-based NSO Group Technologies Ltd, which developed technology to track calls and encrypted data on mobile phones, for about $120 million in March, Israel’s Ha’aretz daily reported.
 That same month, Palo Alto Networks bought Cyvera, whose technology protects computer networks from cyber attacks, for $200 million.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- Tower Group International Ltd, the insurer that agreed to be bought by ACP Re Ltd, plunged to a record low amid doubts over whether the deal will be completed.
 LinnCo LLC, a limited liability company that owns units in Linn, in December bought Berry Petroleum for $272 billion after having to raise the bid because of a drop in its stock price.
 in Toronto, said his firm has bought calls on the VIX and puts on some ETFs because they’re inexpensive.
 Hertz in recent years increased the number of cars it bought from automakers for its fleet.
 In the FHFA settlement, Bank of America agreed to pay $63 billion in cash to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to resolve lawsuits alleging it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by the US-owned mortgage firms.
 The 14-day relative strength index rose above 70 on June 24, a threshold that signals to some analysts a security is overbought.
 The company bought the Multiship online-delivery aggregator in January after spending $80 million in October to acquire KinoPoisk, a Russian version of the IMDb movie database.
 Last month, Alibaba bought a 10 percent stake in Singapore Post Ltd.
 Credit traders are increasingly being forced to publish the prices at which they bought and sold securities.
 The Federal Reserve has bought trillions of dollars of government bonds and mortgage securities since the credit crisis -- purchases that are intended to boost economic growth by lowering borrowing costs for businesses and individuals.
 Alsons’ profit will likely rise 11 percent this year to 519 million pesos ($12 million) on higher electricity sales and an increased share in the earnings of a unit after it bought Electricity Generating CPL’s 40 percent stake last year, Ymson said.
 probably picked up in May as more people bought cars and took to shopping malls, data in the coming week may show.
 probably picked up in May as more Americans bought cars and took to shopping malls, according to a Bloomberg survey, signaling consumer spending gains will help the economy rebound.
 and Microsoft Corp, which bought Nokia Oyj’s mobile phone business.
 In April, Google said it bought Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude, solar-powered drones that provide access to data services around the world.
 Sumitomo Mitsui bought Paris-based Societe Generale’s Japanese private banking unit last October for an undisclosed sum.
 “When defense budgets are being cut, they’re being cut more in terms of land forces and large projects” Brazilian-Made Drones Brazil’s airforce, which already uses Elbit’s Hermes 450 drones, bought a Hermes 900 system in the first quarter to support security and safety missions during the World Cup, the company said during a May 13 earnings call.
 “I haven’t bought clothes yet this year as everything is too expensive,” Aponte said, having spent 10,000 bolivars, the equivalent of about $137 at the black market rate, on blouses and pants, which translates into $943 at the preferential exchange rate obtained from the government.
 bought Rohm & Haas in 2009.
 Some of those shares are being bought by US.
 Jadwa bought the stake in Riyadh-based Gulf Union, a juice and beverage maker, in 2010 for an undisclosed amount.
 “You can improve the efficiencies a fair bit” Bharat Light bought one of India’s largest wind farms from indebted property developer DLF Ltd.
 bought rights to the French company’s experimental CAR-T projects, following Novartis AG into a new area of cancer immune therapy.
 The firms must also contact customers who bought the product from November 2009 to June 2012 and give them the chance to exit it, without penalty or interest, the FCA said.
 Some 83,777 typically “unsophisticated” investors, bought the savings product that was marketed as having a guaranteed minimum return and the potential for “significantly more,” according to the regulator.
 Jinchuan had bought a 45 percent stake.
 last year bought a 24 percent stake in South Africa’s Coal of Africa Ltd.
 last year bought a fifth of an off-shore Mozambican gas field for $42 billion.
 on its first investment in Africa in 2011, when it bought a 16 percent stake in Shanduka Group, the diversified investment group started by South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa.
 bought a stake in the company in 2003, it had a market capitalization of as much as 73 billion euros.
 Stockland Offer Stockland bought 199 percent of the Sydney-based company on CapitaLand’s exit, and followed that with an all-share bid equivalent to A$420 a share, which Australand rejected on April 23.
 The central bank bought $2698 billion of Treasuries today maturing from June 2018 to February 2019 as part of the program, which was designed to hold down borrowing costs and spur economic growth.
 The $176 billion fund invested in First Data as well as in Energy Future Holdings Corp, the Texas utility company bought by KKR, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for $48 billion in 2007, before natural-gas prices plummeted.
 At Grugliasco, a plant Fiat bought in 2009 from the bankrupt Italian manufacturer Bertone, Marchionne’s decision to add Saturday shifts and cut a week of vacation in August prompted 11 percent of the almost 2,000 workers to strike for an hour on June 16.
 The company bought a 70 percent stake in Thomas Russell Co, a builder of modular natural gas processing plants, for $525 million in 2012.
 It also bought business parks in Bengaluru and Pune last year, IIFL said.
 Overseas investors bought a net $111 million of domestic shares on June 3, taking this year’s inflows to $82 billion, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Microsoft bought Nokia’s handset business in April and has told the agency it agreed to assume all of Nokia’s liabilities and have “sole control over the defense, including sole authority to resolve this action” David Cuddy, a spokesman for Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, said the company had no comment.
 The carmaker, targeting drivers who haven’t yet bought the brand’s cars, plans to increase the number of city-center retail sites from the current 20, Ola Kaellenius, head of sales, told reporters at the Hamburg shop’s inauguration.
 Should the deal with Sprint actually close, investors who bought T-Mobile shares at yesterday’s closing price stand to make a profit of 19 percent.
 Traders who bought in July when the spread was widest may have made a 17 percent annualized return by the time it closed in September, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Reward Potential For T-Mobile investors who bought at yesterday’s $3349 closing price, a successful sale to Sprint that closes in 12 months would imply a 19 percent annualized return, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Icahn Enterprises LP disclosed June 6 that it bought Family Dollar stock and options representing a 94 percent stake.
 Kering bought a majority stake in the maker of 2,380-euro ($3,222) gold rings and 107,600-euro diamond encrusted watches in December 2012.
 Both AA and Saga were bought by private-equity firms in 2004 and combined in 2007 in a transaction that valued them at 62 billion pounds.
 The relative strength index for the gauge rose to 699 today, just shy of the threshold of 70 that signals to some analysts that a security is overbought.
 “Just having Qatar as a shareholder is not enough to win mandates” Qatar and Credit Suisse are boosting ties after the gas-rich nation took a stake in the bank and bought its London headquarters.
 On June 16, a trader bought 6,000 DirecTV puts expiring in December at a strike price of $75, Alison Edwards, an analyst at Susquehanna International Group LLP, wrote in a note to clients.
 31, Time Warner Cable agreed to be bought by Comcast Corp.
 Halliburton and business groups had sought to overturn a 1988 precedent and effectively end class-action fraud suits over securities bought on public exchanges.
 energy supplier, and Total SA, Europe’s second-largest oil company, bought into licenses in the UK.
 Relativity recently made takeover attempts for digital video network Maker Studios, since bought by Walt Disney Co, and had talks with Fullscreen Inc.
 The fund bought Chevron Corp’s stake in US.
(Corrects sixth paragraph of story published June 25 to fix spelling of Bank of America Corp’s name) June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Banks stand to lose as much as $45 billion in annual revenue as regulations aimed at improving financial stability alter how interest-rate swaps are bought and sold, according to a report from McKinsey & Co.
 Buyers through Apptopia have included mobile-advertising networks, analytics firms, as well as bigger companies such as Walgreen Co, which wanted to add a new fertility feature to a service it was rolling out, and Princeton Review, which bought a test-taking app, said Sapir.
 bought the other half of Osisko Mining Corp.
 The relative strength index for the Micex rose to 657, after last week briefly crossing the level of 70 that to some analysts signals a security has been overbought.
 insurer Prudential Plc, which is also a top pension provider, earlier this year bought 25 percent of NextEnergy Solar Fund Ltd, a newly-listed 856 million pound ($144 million) fund that seeks to buy plants in the UK.
 Last year, the UK’s Lancashire County Pension Fund invested 12 million pounds in a bond for a community-owned solar park and Aviva Plc bought the photovoltaic installations on 4,000 UK.
 Defective Coil According to court papers, a defective batch of steel coil, about a third of the 240,000 tons bought to build a 450 mile (724 kilometer) gas-pipeline in Florida and Alabama, caused the units a loss estimated at $30 million.
 “This just enhances our conviction that Argentina should be bought on dips,” Jorge Piedrahita, the chief executive officer of New York-based Torino Capital LLC, said in an e-mail.
 The holding was bought by institutional investors at a 37 percent discount to yesterday’s close, according to security filings in Spain.
 The Micex’s 14-day relative strength index subsided to 632 after last week crossing the level of 70 that to some analysts signals a security has been overbought.
 Vi Holding last year bought 50 percent of Ruschrome Mining, which holds the license for Darwendale, Kommersant reported.
 The nontraditional loans being made by the lender are being bought by a limited partnership investment pool managed by Angel Oak Capital Advisors LLC, which oversees more than $35 billion, according to Brad Friedlander, a portfolio manager.
 Mineral Resources bought the stake to get a seat at the table in the development of the project, jointly owned by AMCI Inc.
 The monetary authority has bought about $10 billion in the first five months to lift foreign-exchange reserves to a record $35 billion, it said.
 Icahn and his affiliates bought 107 million shares and options for about $2658 million, according to a June 6 regulatory filing.
June 22 (Bloomberg) -- Bulgaria’s central bank will increase the capital of Corporate Commercial Bank AD and the former local unit of Credit Agricole SA that CCB bought earlier this month after both lenders were placed in receivership.
 41% Jump Payton and Durant bought securities in SPSS in the days leading up to the announcement of the acquisition.
 after billionaire Solomon Lew bought a 99 percent stake in the Australian retailer.
 bought for $19 billion.
 With the yield on the July 2017 dollar notes falling to a five-month low this week, a measure called the relative strength index signaled the securities were overbought.
 The transaction would be KKR’s third investment in China related to food safety after it bought holdings in Ma Anshan Modern Farming Co.
 Oracle, based in Redwood City, California, in June 2011 bought San Jose, California-based Pillar Data Systems Inc.
 Valeant has talked to key institutional investors and found that “well north of 50 percent” of Allergan’s shares were bought by hedge funds and event-driven arbitrage traders since the offer was disclosed April 22, Schiller said.
 Those shareholders will back the deal because they “bought in at a very high price, and well above what they believe the standalone value is and are interested in a transaction occurring,” he said.
 The attacks are enabled by the growth of a sophisticated underground economy where hackers and exploitation tools can be bought using digital currencies like bitcoin.
 Macquarie bought the company in 2005 and it borrowed 225 million pounds from banks the year after, according to filings with Companies House.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Bonds secured by commercial real estate in London’s Canary Wharf district fell to the lowest in three years on concern the debt may be bought back at less than the market price.
 The partnership with Pax is the first investing initiative by Krawcheck since she last year bought Ellevate Network, formerly 85 Broads, a network that promotes women as business leaders.
 Buffett bought General Re in 1998 for $177 billion in what was then his largest takeover.
 Offering A$17 each for Country Road shares bought for less than A$4 will provide an additional inducement for Lew to accept Woolworths’ bid for David Jones.
June 3 (Bloomberg) -- When Peru’s billionaire Brescia family bought the world’s biggest tin deposit on the eve of the financial crisis in 2008, Apple Inc.
 The Brescia banking and industrial group, founded in the 19th century by immigrant Fortunato Brescia, bought Lima-based Minsur in the 1970s and has become the world’s largest tin producer after Yunnan and Malaysia Smelting Corp.
 Baring Vostok with partners bought a 36 percent stake in Yandex in 2000 when the entire company was valued at less than $15 million.
 was completed last May, and in 2012 Blackstone bought the Motel 6 and Studio 6 budget chains.
 The relative strength index for the Micex dropped to 686 after surpassing the threshold of 70 on June 11 that to some analysts signals a security has been overbought.
 UPS bought Fritz, with operations in more than 120 countries, to boost its ability to process freight through customs, arrange air and ocean shipping, and manage distribution.
 The Aussie dollar bought 6945 euro cents.
 Indirect bidders bought 406 percent of the notes at the sale, compared with an average of 422 percent for the past 10 offerings, Treasury data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 The Aussie bought 6833 euro cents as of 2 pm.
 “If you look at the long-term Aussie-euro swap curve you see that from an Australian issuer’s perspective it’s improved over the past 12 to 18 months” Australian investors bought 51 percent of the notes, with 22 buyers participating in the total transaction.
 So he bought one of Musk’s cars.
 GDF Suez traditionally bought gas through long-term contracts linked to crude prices from companies such as Russia’s OAO Gazprom.
 bought the online video company Maker Studios earlier this year, while DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc.
 “They are cautious about chasing higher prices because the market has been overbought in the short term” Iraq Violence Iraq’s army killed more than 279 rebels yesterday, as violence escalates with Sunni Muslim insurgents controlling territory north of Baghdad.
 that it had bought in 2010 for about $100 million, Rao said.
 Metrovacesa bought control of Gecina in 2005 for 518 billion euros.
 Of those who bought “The Fault in Our Stars” tickets, most have read Green’s book and seen “Divergent,” the teen-warrior film from Lions Gate Entertainment Corp, according to a survey by the online ticket site.
 Half of those bought 3-D systems and the others bought standard systems that could be upgraded to 3-D.
 It bought Europa in December and said June 23 it has GVA shareholder support to complete that deal.
 Koch has bought 25 companies with an enterprise value of about 1 billion euros since taking the helm in 2011.
 Sberbank, Russia’s largest lender, bought Denizbank AS in Turkey and Oesterreichische Volksbanken AG’s eastern European business in 2012.
 Chia seeds have a long shelf life, meaning consumers who bought the tainted products may not have thrown out a bad batch, said Laura Gieraltowski, a lead investigator with the CDC’s outbreak response team.
 investors bought a record amount of structured notes tied to Italian and Spanish equities this month amid confidence European Central Bank stimulus measures will accelerate southern Europe’s economic recovery.
 “While most food and groceries will still be bought at larger supermarkets and hypermarkets in five years, they are becoming less popular,” IGD Chief Executive Officer Joanne Denney-Finch said in a statement.
 Another Fung family company has already bought about 77 percent of the Reef Casino Trust as part of a A$214 million takeover.
June 27 (Bloomberg) -- The Micex Index rose for the first time in three days as investors bought energy company stocks OAO Gazprom and OAO Surgutneftegas to qualify for dividends.
 The 14-day relative strength index rose above 70 on June 24, a threshold that signals to some analysts a security is overbought.
 OAO Rosneft, Russia’s largest oil producer, bought TNK-BP in March 2013 for $55 billion.
 CGG, Qiagen CGG SA advanced 29 percent to 1060 euros after saying that PanAmerican Geophysical bought one of its land-surveying systems for delivery in July.
 When asked if Carmike itself has held any talks about being acquired, Hare declined to comment but said the company’s board will evaluate “any and all opportunities to enhance shareholder value” Screenvision, a supplier of advertising in movie theaters, was bought last month by National CineMedia Inc.
 bought a stake in Dong Energy A/S last year, the utility’s hybrid debt has soared to a record, boosting investor returns as the Danish firm uses the cash to rebuild its business.
 Put Option Goldman, which bought the stake through its European merchant banking unit in a company named New Energy Investment Sarl, has already seen the value of its stake grow.
 bought a major portion of the offering, according to one person.
 He has bought some 1,000 pound-bottles of Bordeaux from 2000 which have made an average annual return of as much as 50 percent, he said.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- Suntory Holdings Ltd, the Japanese company that bought US.
 division, Suntory bought a PepsiCo Inc.
 In 2009, Saji bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor.
 ‘Personal Banker’ In 2011, Bank Rossiya bought a quarter of CTC through a Cyprus subsidiary, Telcrest Investments Limited.
 Kovalchuk and several partners bought Rossiya, a former Communist Party bank, in 1991.
 “This is another offering that helps people get insights into their home” The purchase underlines how Nest, which Google bought for about $32 billion earlier this year, is working to become a bigger player of connected devices for consumers.
 Starbucks, which first began selling sandwiches in 2003, bought the owner of La Boulange bakery in 2012 to improve its selection of scones, muffins and cookies.
 The firm last year bought Avoca Capital to expand its European credit business.
 “However, it is anticipated that existing minority shareholders who do not take up their rights will be heavily diluted” A maximum of 60 million euros of senior secured notes will be bought back at no more than 75 percent of their value, the company said.
 Of NWR’s existing 275 million euros of senior unsecured notes, a maximum of 30 million euros will be bought back at no more than 25 percent of their value, the company said.
 It bought a 25 percent holding in the Etinde Permit last year from Vitol SA, which exited the venture.
 The maker of Gauloises cigarettes inherited a 596 percent stake in Logista at the time of the 126 billion-euro Altadis takeover and later bought the rest in a deal that valued the logistics company at 23 billion euros.
 Shunfeng in April bought Wuxi Suntech Power for 3 billion yuan ($482 million) as part of its bid to become “the world’s largest integrated clean-energy supplier,” Suntech Chief Executive Officer Eric Luo said at the time.
 Fiat bought full control of Chrysler in January, and the merger is part of Marchionne’s decade-long effort to turn the Turin-based company into a carmaker big enough to challenge General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG and Toyota Motor Corp.
 economy recovered from the global financial crisis and China’s burgeoning middle class bought more of the gems.
 Oracle, based in Redwood City, California, in June 2011 bought San Jose, California-based Pillar Data Systems Inc.
 bought three interconnected buildings on West 25th Street comprising 200,000 square feet (18,600 square meters), the companies said today in a statement.
 Empire recently bought the Safeway brand in Canada.
 Schroders Plc bought STW Fixed Income Management LLC last year, and Legal & General Group Plc’s investment unit made its first US.
 Itau Unibanco Holding SA bought the business for 277 billion reais.
 The acquisition will give Dai-ichi, which previously bought Tower Australia Group Ltd.
 The latest tally was the first year patents from Motorola Mobility, which Google bought in 2012, were included in the annual listing.
 CIT has drawn takeover speculation, and Thain has said the logic of selling to a larger bank is “obvious” Thain bought 40,000 shares of CIT on May 15 at $4154, 48 cents above the stock’s 52-week low, boosting his total holdings to 443,000.
 bought the assets of Supreme Cattle Feeders from Agri Beef Co, including a feed yard and a grain storage facility near Kismet, Kansas, for $15 million.
 The number of homes bought with the support of a government mortgage guarantee under Help to Buy totaled 7,313 in the first six months of the program, equal to 13 percent of all loans completed, according to the Treasury.
 Alfa bought the shares “for investment purposes,” it said in a statement today, echoing language from when it revealed the size of its stake on May 20.
 Sy’s group this year bought a 34 percent stake in CityMall Commercial Centers Inc, which plans to spend 2375 billion pesos to build 100 CityMalls by 2020 including in the Visayas and Mindanao.
 The supermarket operator has bought 40 stores in the past two years, bringing its network to 213 outlets at the end of 2013.
 * Sensex -04% to 25,47389 at close after climbing to all- time high of 25,73587 earlier * Investors booking profit as broad market overbought amid high expectation from Modi govt, Alex Mathews, head of research at Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services, said by phone from Kerala * NOTE: Sensex rallied 8% in May, best monthly advance since Oct, after Narendra Modi’s BJP won strongest electoral mandate in 30 years; gauge +20% YTD, trades at ~157x projected 12-mo.
 The landlord, founded by billionaire Wayne Hughes, bought out the Alaska interest last year for $9045 million.
 The State Reserve Bureau bought at least 200,000 metric tons of copper from bonded storage areas in March and April, said the people, who asked not to be identified because they aren’t authorized to speak publicly about the information.
 After years of losses in a market where prices fluctuated along with unsteady supply and demand, the company has bought out competitors to help balance the industry and prevent gluts.
 Getty, Ellison Outside of his real estate business, Paul’s assets include a San Francisco mansion he bought for $28 million in 2012, half the $55 million price it was listed at five years earlier.
 Stockholm-based EQT bought SSP from Compass Group Plc in 2006, backed by more than 1 billion pounds of leveraged loans.
 The distributor of disposable tableware and food packaging said it bought Allshoes Benelux BV in the Netherlands and JPLUS Comercio e Distribuicao Ltda in Brazil.
 Billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala this month bought 10 million shares, or a 13 percent stake in Edelweiss, while Espirito Santo Securities India Pvt.
 In the past six months, Apollo Global Management LLC, Avenue Capital Group LLC and Blackstone Group LP’s GSO Capital Partners LP bought about 25 percent of Cementos Portland loans at a discount, the people said.
Travelport Ltd, the travel-booking platform bought by Blackstone Group LP eight years ago, plans to file for a US.
 Blackstone bought Travelport in 2006 for $43 billion.
 Edita is the largest independent snack food business in North Africa, Actis said in June 2013 when it bought a $102 million stake in the company.
 bought El Paso Pipeline Partners for $211 billion in 2012.
 The 14-day relative strength index on the Micex rose to 68, approaching the level of 70 that some analysts say signals a security is overbought.
 Cash Flood Investors who just bought dollar-denominated bonds fared better.
 The company said on May 19 that it bought Unespa and ISES schools with 12,200 students in the Brazilian state of Para, according to a regulatory filing.
 About 98 percent of the securities in the two cases were bought by Wachovia Corp.
 They bought the securities around 2007 and 2008, a few months before the US.
 State Fund Domestic individual and institutional investors bought about 34 billion baht ($1 billion) of Thai shares in May, the most since December, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Sompong Cholkadeedamrongkul, a 61-year-old private investor in Bangkok, said he bought stocks when they retreated the first day after the coup was announced.
 In February, Coke bought 10 percent of Keurig and announced plans to work together to make a system for producing single-serve cold drinks.
 1, the most among BRIC markets, as foreign investors bought $99 billion of local shares, the highest net inflow among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, the biggest unit of Terry Gou’s Foxconn Technology Group, bought a 49 percent stake in SK C&C Co.
 and would work with strategic investors to purchase another 244 million shares after both companies bought spectrum for fourth-generation mobile services last year.
 agreed to buy 76 percent of Turkey’s Tekstil Bankasi AS for $316 million in April, while Commercial Bank of Qatar bought Alternatifbank AS last year.
 “M&A is part of the toolkit,” said McLoughlin, who last announced a deal in 2011 when the Swedish company bought Compania Tecno Industrial SA for about $690 million to become the largest supplier of appliances in Chile and Argentina.
 The opposite has been the case since then, as the Fed has held its benchmark rate near zero and bought trillions of dollars of Treasuries and mortgage debt.
 That is down from $276 billion bought in 16 transactions in June.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- Allianz SE, Europe’s largest insurer, bought two wind farms from German developer PNE Wind AG for an undisclosed amount.
 “You could get emerging-market investment-grade debt where you could’ve bought US.
 The loan, which would be used to pay and compensate lenders who earlier bought high-interest-rate securities, is part of a reorganization plan devised by the company with what it calls “anchor” investors such as Fidelity Investments.
 A “good zero-day attack” that exploits previously unknown vulnerabilities in a computer application can be bought for $750,000 on the black market, Boo said.
 Foreigners bought C$364 billion in shares during April, an eighth month of purchases and the most since November, according to data from Statistics Canada.
 The Federal Reserve’s primary dealers bought 445 percent of the $21 billion in benchmark notes sold yesterday in the reopening, the highest level since July.
 Televisa, Mexico’s largest TV provider, in 2010 bought a 5 percent equity stake in Univision and debt that could be converted into an additional 30 percent holding.
 Little Hair At a recent investor day, Bobby Le Blanc, Onex’s New York-based senior managing director, said the firm tends to prefer targets with a “little more hair on them,” meaning they can be bought at a lower price but require more fixing up.
 Cerberus led an investor group last year that bought the Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s and Star Market grocery stores from Supervalu Inc.
 Brasil Pharma, struggling to integrate the eight pharmacy chains it has bought since 2009, saw net debt to earnings jump to 33 times in the fourth quarter, above the 3 times cap in its bond contracts.
 Some were in home-loan bonds that didn’t have government backing, bought from firms such as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 She bought more securities as prices continued to slide in 2008, another person said.
 “Looking at some technical indicators, shares appear overbought in the short-term, so we’re seeing some correction today,” said Yasuo Sakuma, Portfolio Manager and Executive Officer at Bayview Asset Management Co.
 Aspen also reported a “disappointing second half in South America because of problems with the supply chain” Aspen supplies medicines in more than 150 countries and last year bought injectable thrombosis brands, including a manufacturing site and inventory, from London-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc for 700 million pounds ($12 billion).
 Aspen bought a manufacturing unit from the US.
 in Toronto, said he’s shorting the S&P 500 ETF and has bought options to hedge his stock holdings.
 Foreigners have bought a net $93 billion of local shares this year, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Huguette bought “Nympheas,” in 1930, when she was 23-years-old.
 The company hasn’t posted an annual profit since Apollo bought it for $38 billion in 2006, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Right now, we can’t predict when that will come” Joseph Smith, who oversees a $25 billion mortgage settlement between state and federal agencies and five banks, said in May that Green Tree Servicing LLC, a unit of Walter Investment, didn’t use proper procedures in servicing loans it bought last year from Residential Capital LLC, a company covered by the agreement.
 He bought Warhol’s 1962 “Campbell’s Soup Can (beef consomme)” for $340,000 at auction in 1996, according to Artnet Worldwide Corp.
 In 1996, the Hills bought Hubert Le Sueur’s 17th-century bronze “Venus,” which was once owned by King Louis XIV, and Warhol’s 1962 soup can, within a month of each other.
 With few immediate suitors, Pinnacle, which bought Wish-Bone salad dressing last year, will go back to making more purchases of its own, Barclays Plc said.
 Options traders who bought the company’s calls on July 11 stood to profit almost eightfold.
 Apax, which had been poised to take Travelex public in an initial public offering, bought control of the chain in 2005 in a deal that valued the company at about 11 billion pounds ($185 billion).
 Kasem bought the rights to his former program’s name from ABC Radio, and left Westwood One when the network wouldn’t let him use that name in place of “Casey’s Top 40” “American Top 40” was revived in 1998 by AMFM Radio Networks, now a unit of San Antonio-based CC Media Holdings Inc, with Kasem as host.
 agreed to be bought by Comcast Corp.
 Imperial, the maker of Gauloises cigarettes inherited a 596 percent stake in Logista at the time of the 126 billion-euro Altadis takeover and later bought the rest in a deal that valued the logistics company at 23 billion euros.
 Interviews/Studies Banks May Lose $45 Billion a Year on Swaps Shift, McKinsey Says Banks stand to lose as much as $45 billion in annual revenue as regulations aimed at improving financial stability alter how interest-rate swaps are bought and sold, according to a report from McKinsey & Co.
 Barratt Developments Plc, which bought a stake in CPC Group’s Sugar Quay luxury-homes project in the City of London last month, fell 63 percent today, the third-biggest decline among stocks in the homebuilder index.
 The gallery bought Picasso’s “L’Atelier” for 36 million pounds, whose price surpassed the high presale estimate.
 Trust banks have bought a net 574 billion yen of Japanese shares this year, while foreign investors sold 14 trillion yen, the TSE data shows.
 During the five years in which the Topix rose more than 10 percent since the TSE began compiling the investor data in 2001, foreigners bought an average 88 trillion yen of shares each year, according to Bloomberg calculations based on the bourse data.
 Genting, a casino operator controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay, bought an 87-acre site on the Strip last year from Las Vegas-based Boyd Gaming Corp.
 The New York-based firm owns single-family rental homes and the Hughes Center, a 14 million-square-foot office campus in Las Vegas that it bought last year for $347 million.
 The land was once owned by billionaire Howard Hughes, who bought the property in the 1950s and named it after his grandmother, Jean Amelia Summerlin.
 bought Square Co.
 Price Limit Volkswagen AG, the 12-brand behemoth that bought Porsche two years ago, has a lot riding on getting the brand’s development and growth right.
 “It is a big bank and it’s important to restore its operation back to normal” Corporate Commercial bought the Bulgarian unit of Credit Agricole SA on June 12 for an undisclosed price.
 In addition to the Bulgartabak acquisition, VTB and Corporate Commercial jointly bought out Viva Telecom, known as the Bulgarian Telecommunications Co.
 Sy bought Acme Savings Bank in 1976 and renamed it as Banco do Oro Savings and Mortgage Bank the following year.
 Gazprom, Russia’s state-controlled natural gas producer, rose for the first time in three days as investors bought shares to qualify for dividends.
 The family’s role in Portuguese finance started when Jose Maria Espirito Santo opened a “Caza de Cambio” in Lisbon in 1869, where he bought and sold credit securities and lottery tickets, according to Carlos Alberto Damas, director of the Center for the History of Banco Espirito Santo.
 In July 2011, Bloomberg News reported that options traders who bought Clorox calls on July 11 could profit almost eightfold just days after Icahn bid to buy the bleach maker.
 The current owners bought the building, two blocks west of Grand Central Terminal between 44th and 45th streets, in January 2012 for $390 million, according to New York-based research firm Real Capital Analytics Inc.
 lost 29 percent, ending three days of advance Overseas investors bought a net $62 million of shares on June 24, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “Too few shares were offered, and market players immediately bought them all.
 bought the LME for $22 billion in 2012, it pledged to stick with open outcry trading until at least January 2015.
 After Mumbai-based Cipla bought its South African distributor and raised its stake in a Ugandan manufacturer to gain more control of exports, buyers may have to offer at least $97 billion to convince the founders to sell, said Angel Broking Ltd.
 Last year, Cipla bought an additional 145 percent of Ugandan drugmaker Quality Chemical Industries Ltd, taking its stake to about 51 percent.
 Cipla also bought Cipla Medpro South Africa Ltd, its partner since 2005, and yesterday announced an agreement to take control of a company that will market its products in Sri Lanka.
 King moved to Texas to become a partner in a new investment counseling firm and in 1964 bought a small air charter firm called Wild Goose Taxi Service, according to a Texas State Historical Association article on Southwest.
 Lew recently bought about 99 percent of David Jones, according to a June 18 filing from his investment vehicle, Australian Retail Investments Pty.
 Vienna bought bourses in Ljubljana and Prague in 2008 and Budapest in 2004, creating The CEE Stock Exchange Group with a market capitalization of 131 billion euros ($178 billion) as of April, according to data on its website.
 The Aussie dollar bought 9349 US.
 The plaintiff in the case says OTP calculated his monthly installments in forint based on the rate at which the bank sold francs, while it valued the principle at the rate at which it bought francs.
 He then bought a red Chevy Volt, for $42,000 -- $27,000 after local and federal rebates.
 “It’s worked out well” Among other foreigners who have started operating in Mexico recently is Pini Zahavi, an Israeli who has bought transfer rights of Brazilian, Argentine and Colombia players on behalf of investors for more than a decade.
 The insurer has bought back about $418 million of shares since the end of the first quarter, according to a statement today from the New York-based company.
 Foreigners bought a net $5787 million of local shares on June 6, taking this year’s inflows to $91 billion, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Oil companies, power utilities, metalmakers and banks led the surge as investors bought companies most tied to the economy, while software makers and drugmakers fell.
 probably picked up in May as more people bought cars and took to shopping malls, data in the coming week may show.
 probably picked up in May as more Americans bought cars and took to shopping malls, according to a Bloomberg survey, signaling consumer spending gains will help the economy rebound.
 and Microsoft Corp, which bought Nokia Oyj’s mobile phone business.
 Foreigners have bought a net $97 billion of local shares this year, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, on optimism the new government will boost efforts to revive economic growth.
 The French government’s planned 20 percent stake in Alstom would be bought at market prices, Economy Minister Arnaud Montebourg said.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Solomon Lew, an Australian billionaire investor, bought 99 percent of David Jones Ltd, threatening a $2 billion bid by South Africa’s Woolworths Holdings Ltd.
 Other investors who bought shares include Aviva Plc, BlackRock Inc, CRMC, Lansdowne Partners LP and Legal & General Group Plc, according to the statement.
 jobs data, which was a key event, turned out good and gave the market confidence, while investors are concerned that shares have been overbought a bit,” said Takuya Takahashi, a senior strategist at Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
 The Shanghai-based company, which has interests that span food and beverages, farming and retailing, bought Israel’s Tnuva Food Industries Ltd.
 That makes Europe’s biggest publicly traded money manager the company’s largest shareholder after the Salomon family, which controls the company after leading a group of investors that bought Wilson Sons in 1959.
 The San Francisco-based company bought MoPub Inc, an exchange that can distribute advertisements on more than 1 billion mobile devices, in October.
 The Italian utility bought its 66 percent stake for 840 million euros in 2006, expecting to finish the Soviet-designed reactors in 2013.
 “The route to Kitimat was the safest one” Enbridge bought the parcel of land in Grassy Point, just north of Prince Rupert, for future LNG opportunities, Giesbrecht said, declining to elaborate on potential plans.
 Last month, he bought a one-bedroom unit in the 40-story Henninger Turm.
 Luis Chang and Everbright Development Overseas Ltd, a company he controls, “furtively” bought Allied Nevada stock while disseminating false information about the company, the SEC said in a complaint filed June 9 in federal court in New York.
 Trimming Gains The Micex pared an advance of as much as 09 percent after its relative strength index rose above 70, the threshold that signals to some analysts that a security is overbought.
 economy recovered and China’s rising middle class bought more.
 In 1965, she bought out her partner, according to the corporate history.
 In April she bought the Fine Arts Theater on Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, hoping to renovate the classic Art Deco structure.
June 27 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s mines minister will sell his shares in platinum producer Atlatsa Resources Corp, which were bought before he was appointed to the Cabinet.
 Ngoako Ramatlhodi, who was made mineral resources minister in May, holds the interest in Vancouver-based Atlatsa through a stake bought by his former wife in Legakabje Mining and Exploration, his spokesman Mahlodi Muofhe said today by phone.
 A regulatory filing disclosed the firm bought 933 million shares of the custody bank in the first quarter, a new position.
 SoftBank, which bought 80 percent of the third-largest US.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- OTCex Group hired two natural gas brokers from PVM Oil Associates Ltd, the brokerage bought last month by Tullett Prebon Plc.
 Diversifying the country’s crude exports away from the US, which bought 967 percent of Canadian shipments last year, is a “crucial strategic objective,” Oliver said.
 Carlyle, the second-biggest manager of alternative assets such as private-equity funds and real estate, bought the taxi operator in April last year.
 The SET’s 14-day relative strength index was at 697 yesterday, approaching the 70 level that some traders see as a signal an asset is overbought.
 From the mid-1990s to the mid-2000s, Harman bought Trinity guardrail systems to install on state highways, he said.
 Trinity Industries bought Syro in 1992.
 About 187 million shares were bought and sold on Crossfinder.
 “We see 3 to 5 percent additional gains for the RTS index and in July we’ll see a selloff after the dividend cutoff dates” The Micex’s 14-day relative strength index rose to 673, after last week crossing the level of 70 that to some analysts signals a security has been overbought.
 The company said it will seek more international ventures and may reduce domestic operations when it bought a $23 million stake in Ethiopia’s Danakhil mine being developed by Toronto-based Allana Potash Corp.
 “You have the government controlling prices” Chinese IPOs have burned some investors who bought the shares after their first day of trading.
 The company argued the deal, in which Activision bought an additional $583 billion of the Vivendi stake, was fair to shareholders because it increased the value of their holdings and added to their voting power within the company.
 Gilead bought Pharmasset Inc.
 The firms must also contact customers who bought the product from November 2009 to June 2012 and give them the chance to exit it, without penalty or interest, the FCA said.
 About 83,777 typically “unsophisticated” investors bought the savings product, according to the regulator.
 and BNP Paribas SA are among investors that have bought carbon credits from the project, Dodson said.
 with financial penalties unless it bought rights to channels it didn’t want, a judge ruled.
 ‘Overbought Levels’ The percent of outright shorts, rose to 40 percent, from 35 percent the previous week.
 “There’s a little bit of a correction off the overbought levels we reached last week,” said Thomas Roth, senior Treasury trader in New York at Mitsubishi UFJ Securities USA Inc.
 Nontraded REITs In addition to its single-tenant business, American Realty has a nontraded REIT management operation, Cole Capital, which it bought in the first quarter.
 The deal is intended to accelerate Williams’ expansion prospects, four months after the company avoided a potential proxy fight by giving board seats to activist investors Keith Meister and Eric Mandelblatt, who had urged it to consider “strategic combinations” In 2012, Williams bought about 25 percent of Tulsa, Oklahoma-based Access and half of its general partner -- called Access Midstream Partners GP LLC.
June 20 (Bloomberg) -- The Asian Development Bank bought a 25 percent stake in the renewable-energy unit of India’s Welspun Group for $50 million.
 Primary dealers at today’s auction bought 445 percent of the securities, the most since July 2013 and compared with 291 percent last month.
 ICE, as the company is known, bought NYSE Euronext in November and said at the time it would shed some of the technology units that came with the purchase.
 Element plans to sell, on a bought deal basis, $750 million of subscription receipts, $250 million of expendable convertible debentures, and $100 million cumulative 5-year rate reset preferred shares, the company said in a separate release.
 In a bought deal, banks managing the secondary sale will be left holding any unsold shares.
 were bought on US.
 A trader bought 2,000 January $75 calls around 10 am.
 Shares bought by market makers could have an exaggerated effect on stocks during periods of low trading volume, according to Brady of Entropy Capital.
 “I don’t think a single golf-course operator, unless you own a place like Pebble Beach, can make money,” said Schmidt, who bought Woodmont for about $3 million in 2004 and has seen membership dwindle to 230.
 The duo, first-time golf-course operators, bought the property out of receivership in May 2012 for about $14 million and are spending $1 million on improvements.
 Theater, Winery Konstantinos Vasilakopoulos bought Mountain Branch, a golf course 20 miles northeast of downtown Baltimore, out of receivership for $36 million in mid-2012, according to his brother Bill Vasilakopoulos, the property’s manager.
 He bought control of an energy holding company in Iowa in 2000 and helped bankroll its expansion.
 They bought the house for $17 million in 1999.
 In all, the firm has bought more than 40 smaller companies and blocks of life policies.
 The firm bought stakes in social-networking sites Twitter Inc.
 opted to receive a $163 million breakup fee by terminating an agreement to be taken over by Hillshire Brands Co, clearing the way for its would-be acquirer to be bought out by Tyson Foods Inc.
 Starbucks bought La Boulange bakery in 2012.
 The rupee pared gains of as much as 04 percent to 5911 on speculation the Reserve Bank of India bought dollars as foreign inflows continue, said four Mumbai-based traders, who asked not to be identified because the information isn’t public.
 Yildirim recently bought OAO Mechel’s ferro-alloy units in Russia and Kazakhstan for $425 million, coal mines and ports owned by CCX Carvao da Colombia SA for $125 million and 80 percent of Swedish port operator Stuveribolaget Gavle AB for an undisclosed price.
 The company bought a 24 percent stake in CMA CGM SA, the world’s third-largest container shipper, for a total of $600 million in 2010 and 2011.
 had bought the stake.
 Mineral Resources bought 12 percent of Aquila, the Australian Financial Review reported today, without saying where it got the information.
 Total Energies Nouvelles Activites USA bought $250 million of the convertible debentures, which carry a rate of 0875 percent and will mature June 1, 2021, San Jose, California-based SunPower said today in a statement.
 FiveT helped the company pay its bills and stave off the risk of default this year when it bought about half the shares in a stock offering.
 The soup maker bought Godiva outright in 1974.
 International Paper also bought the rest of its local business, paying $145 million for the 25 percent it didn’t already own.
 Microsoft bought Nokia’s handset business in April and has told the agency it agreed to assume all of Nokia’s liabilities and have “sole control over the defense, including sole authority to resolve this action” David Cuddy, a spokesman for Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, said the company had no comment.
 The group has bought oil tankers, developed Brazilian shopping malls, and created a finance unit for US.
 Along the way, he’s personally bought stakes in the Philadelphia 76ers basketball team and last year the New Jersey Devils hockey club.
 By the end of the year, Blackstone and GIC Pte, the sovereign fund, bought a majority stake.
 Maserati, the maker of the $66,900 Ghibli sedan, may receive orders for 40,000 cars this year, and the brand is “on pace for 75,000 deliveries in 2018” Fiat bought full control of Chrysler in January, and the planned merger is part of Marchionne’s decade-long effort to turn the Turin-based company into a carmaker big enough to challenge General Motors Co, Volkswagen AG and Toyota Motor Corp.
 In August, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said no immediate sale is planned and the ministry is accounting for the price at which it bought the shares when deciding when to sell.
June 13 (Bloomberg) -- Baupost Group LLC, the hedge-fund firm run by Seth Klarman, bought a stake in Liquefied Natural Gas Ltd.
 Baupost also bought 57 million shares of Houston-based Cheniere, according to data, as of March 31, compiled by Bloomberg.
 LSE, which has trailed rivals such as Deutsche Boerse AG in providing derivatives to investors, bought the 50 percent of FTSE International that it didn’t already own in December 2011.
 American Energy also bought 48,000 acres of drilling rights in West Virginia from East and another firm.
 The foundation, which bought a minority holding in generic drugmaker Zellbios in April, is also interested in purchasing majority stakes and may announce a deal this year, the CEO said.
 Its lowest-priority noteholders are trying to get recoveries at the expense of those above them, and its top-priority noteholders are trying to eat into the recoveries of its middle-tier note holders and Apollo, the private equity company that bought Momentive for $38 billion in 2006.
 The company hasn’t posted an annual profit since Apollo bought it in 2006, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The $176 billion fund invested in First Data as well as in Energy Future Holdings Corp, the Texas utility company bought by KKR, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for $48 billion in 2007, before natural-gas prices plummeted.
 The items can be bought without leaving The Fancy’s website.
 NorthStar Realty Among other buyers in the sector is NorthStar Realty Finance Corp, which said earlier this month that it bought 47 limited-service hotels for $9339 million in a joint venture with Chatham Lodging Trust.
 The company’s debt was 45 times its trailing 12-month earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as of February, versus a ratio of 24 before it bought Ralcorp, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “There’s been a nice, gentle uplift” Investors bought 20 Dublin bars in 2013, almost double the tally for the previous year and the most since 2006, according to data compiled by CBRE.
 In some deals, barmen running a pub have bought the premises from an owner in financial distress, according to Robert Hoban, director of auctions at Allsop Space.
 bought Alex Forbes for 82 billion rand ($767 million) in 2007.
 won dismissal of a suit over $450 million in residential mortgage-backed securities, with a New York judge saying that the firms that bought the bonds should have done more research beforehand.
 Morgan Stanley bought TransMontaigne Inc.
 IPO Proceeds Investment firms KKR & Co, Silver Lake Management LLC and Technology Crossover Ventures bought a stake in GoDaddy in July 2011, valuing the company at $225 billion, a person familiar with the matter said at the time.
 Source: The Center for Land Use Interpretation via Bloomberg The oil business was booming in 2006, the year Petroleo Brasileiro SA bought a 50 percent interest in Pasadena Refining System Inc, the second-smallest facility on the Houston Ship Channel, from Transcor Astra Group SA for $4158 million.
 Close The oil business was booming in 2006, the year Petroleo Brasileiro SA bought a 50.
 Read More Close Open Source: The Center for Land Use Interpretation via Bloomberg The oil business was booming in 2006, the year Petroleo Brasileiro SA bought a 50 percent interest in Pasadena Refining System Inc, the second-smallest facility on the Houston Ship Channel, from Transcor Astra Group SA for $4158 million.
 The oil business was booming in 2006, the year Petrobrasbought a 50 percent interest in Pasadena Refining System Inc,the second-smallest facility on the Houston Ship Channel, fromTranscor Astra Group SA for $4158 million.
 Astra, a closely held company based in Belgium, had boughtthe refinery in January 2005 for $425 million, meaning that itsinvestment rose almost 20-fold in value in about a year, basedon the amount Petrobras paid.
 The Pasadena plant has been a drag on Petrobras’s businessInternational refining costs, including those at Pasadena, rose33 percent to $173 a barrel in 2006, the year the companybought a piece of the facility.
 and Manulife Financial Corp, have bought buildings in the city, which is home to the highest office rents in the world after London, according to property broker Cushman & Wakefield Inc.
 ‘Continued Growth’ “There aren’t many banks historically that have bought their real estate,” said Ben Dickinson, head of Hong Kong markets at broker Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
June 10 (Bloomberg) -- Eni SpA, the biggest Italian oil company, bought 40 percent of a license held by Sasol Ltd.
 nationals bought stocks valued at 1003 billion dirhams and sold 1034 billion dirhams.
 The election victory by Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party, India’s biggest in three decades, propelled the Sensex to an all-time high this month, as foreign investors bought a net of about $10 billion of local shares in 2014 and domestic mutual funds attracted the most inflows in five years in May.
 Wholesalers who bought the drug, health plans and Apotex Inc, a generic drug company, filed lawsuits challenging the agreements.
 Petach Tikva, Israel-based Teva, the world’s biggest generic drugmaker, bought the company for more than $6 billion in 2011 to broaden its portfolio of brand-name drugs.
 Investors bought 9985 percent of the 5 billion new shares offered at 1 euro each, the Siena-based lender said in a statement on June 27.
 Vedanta has invested $29 billion since it bought a 784 percent stake in Konkola Copper Mines in Zambia for $261 million, Albanese said in a conference in London, the company said on its website.
 We have a 50 year vision for KCM and opportunities in the Copperbelt as our copper and cobalt anchor for our future African growth” Zambia’s Mines Ministry is working on a report to present to President Michael Sata on Konkola Copper Mines after Vedanta’s majority shareholder and Chairman Anil Agarwal was last month reported to have said the unit was bought for less than asking price.
 The Post newspaper of Zambia reported Agarwal as saying Konkola had given Vedanta a minimum return of $500 million annual in each of nine years since Vedanta bought it.
 “This becomes our zinc anchor in Africa” Vedanta, mainly a mine operator, gained access to India’s biggest onshore oilfield in 2011 after Agarwal bought a controlling stake in Cairn India Ltd.
 “In the short term, the RSI shows that it’s in the ‘overbought’ zone,” said Gavin Parry, managing director of Hong Kong-based brokerage Parry International Trading Ltd.
 bought the LME for $22 billion in 2012, it pledged to stick with open outcry trading until at least January 2015.
 His poll victory, the biggest for any single party in three decades, drove the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex to an all-time high this month, as foreign investors bought about $10 billion of shares in 2014 and domestic mutual funds attracted the most inflows in five years in May.
 Shopping would be a main attraction for the 13-hectare property in Ortigas Avenue Extension, which it bought for 22 billion pesos ($50 million) and will develop into a 27,000-unit residence, the builder of low-cost housing said May 26.
 Icahn and his affiliates bought 107 million shares and options for about $2658 million, according to a filing yesterday with the US.
 Gold climbed 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Fed bought debt and held borrowing costs near zero percent.
 Tencent, which bought 15 percent of JDcom in March, has 400 million monthly active users on WeChat.
 Institutional investors bought 105 million shares at 191 euros a share, a discount of 24 percent to yesterday’s closing price, the Wolfsburg, Germany-based company said today.
 SHFL, a Las Vegas-based maker of shuffling machines and gaming equipment, was bought last year by rival Bally Technologies Inc.
 Nationwide, consumers bought 16 percent more passenger vehicles than a year earlier.
 “I’m glad I bought it over the Ford Focus, which I was also considering” Skoda is aiming to reach more potential buyers by increasing its Chinese dealerships by at least 10 percent to about 360 by the end of the year, according to Hafemann.
 He brought it into late-stage trials before Johnson & Johnson bought Cougar for about $1 billion in July 2009.
 satellite-TV operator, disclosed today that it had been in merger discussions with a competitor up until six days before agreeing to be bought by AT&T Inc.
 “The market is going wild” Too Rich While content providers such as Scripps and AMC have been considered takeover targets for years, they still haven’t been bought.
 Top-priority noteholders are trying to eat into the recoveries of middle-tier noteholders and Apollo, the private-equity firm that bought Momentive for $38 billion in 2006.
 The company hasn’t posted an annual profit since Apollo bought it in 2006, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 They also object to the sale of Centurion Glass & Aluminium for 10 million rand in 2011 after the unit was bought for about 75 million rand four years earlier.
 A Trulia deal would be the biggest acquisition yet for Zillow Chief Executive Officer Spencer Rascoff, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, who bought New York real estate website Streeteasycom for $50 million last year and apartment-search site HotPads Inc.
 Seragon was founded last year by the same scientists who formed Aragon Pharmaceuticals Inc, the company that Johnson & Johnson bought in August for as much as $1 billion.
 Movistar Package Telefonica has already bought soccer and Formula 1broadcasting rights to make its Movistar Fusion package moreattractive.
 The carrier bought 25 pairs of take-off and landing slots at the London hub from Flybe Group Plc in May.
 The user can also browse through lists of people whose contact information the site says can be bought with credit cards or PayPal.
 The $100 billion Tata conglomerate, which bought three road projects last year, and Ambani-led Reliance Infrastructure Ltd.
 We had bought some last year.
 He’s bought a flat pre-construction and hopes that his salary situation will improve by the time it’s built at the end of next year.
 Loan Terms Standard General bought 274 million shares on June 27 for $195 million.
 “The debt the company will issue hopefully won’t have a meaningful impact on the credit rating” New York-based KKR, run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought a stake in 2010 and now owns 35 percent of Wild Flavors, according to KKR’s website.
 In 2012, Wild Flavors bought the juice blends business of Cargill Inc, adding more than $200 million to its annual sales and a platform to grow in Asia and North America.
 Californians who bought individual insurance plans saw rate increases this year of 22 percent to 88 percent, Dave Jones, the state’s insurance commissioner, reported yesterday.
 Apollo bought $85 million of Molycorp’s $230 million of 325 percent convertible notes due 2016 in the three months ended March 31 and added to that amount last quarter, said the people, who asked not to be named because the transactions weren’t public.
 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the city’s de facto central bank, bought $640 million during New York hours to defend the city’s peg to the US.
 Americans bought durable goods such as autos and appliances at the fastest pace in almost five years, explaining why Whirlpool Corp.
 The relative strength index of the BlackRock ETF rose to 66 this week, approaching the 70 threshold that to some technical analysts signals a security is overbought.
 USI this year bought about 40 insurance brokerage and consulting offices from San Francisco-based Wells Fargo & Co, the world’s most valuable bank.
 “I wouldn’t say we bought this business cheaply,” Le Blanc said of York Risk.
 The company’s owners include emerging market-focused private equity arms of Capital Group Inc, New York-based Concord International Investments, and the Rohatyn Group, which bought Citigroup Inc’s buyout business last year.
 Capital Group, Concord and Citigroup’s former buyout business bought Amoun, which makes both veterinary and human drugs, for about $450 million in 2006.
 Carmila bought 2 billion euros of malls in France, Spain and Italy from Klepierre SA in April.
 The world’s largest money manager sold $37 billion of the $22 billion of securities it bought from UBS AG six years ago to Credit Suisse Group AG in yesterday’s auction of mostly subprime-mortgage bonds, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction, who asked not to be named because the information wasn’t public.
 Data on market trades yesterday from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority signal Credit Suisse placed the bonds with clients, with a similar amount of debt being bought and sold by dealers.
 Including sales where bonds could be bought individually or in smaller groups, it was the 10th-largest since then.
 The company also bought Mediaset’s 22 percent holding in Spanish TV operator Distribuidora de Television Digital for 295 million euros.
 Macquarie Infrastructure bought its initial 50 percent stake in the company in May 2006.
 “Growth outside of South Africa has been strong and this portfolio now constitutes 20 percent of group revenue which is already within the range we have set as a target for 2016” Nigerian Target Barclays Africa bought most of its UK.
 Non-Arabs were the biggest net buyers today, having bought 886 million dirhams in shares, the data show.
 Lewis, who had underestimated the depth of the housing slump and bought subprime home lender Countrywide Financial Corp.
 March 26, 2014: Bank of America agrees to a $95 billion settlement over claims it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 In Turkey, the company bought raki producer Mey Icki for $21 billion in 2011.
 BayernLB also had to return Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International AG, bought in 2007 to expand in the Balkan banking markets, to the Austrian government in 2009.
 Should the companies agree to a takeover, it would be the biggest deal in the industry since Continental AG bought VDO Automotive AG from Siemens AG in the midst of the financial crisis seven years ago, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 A unit of Cerberus bought Bankia SA’s property-servicing arm last September, while Apollo has bought Altamira, the real-estate servicing platform of Santander, and also acquired an 80-branch bank hived off from the bailed-out Galician lender NCG Banco.
 bought its shares.
 New York-based KKR, run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought a stake in 2010 and now owns 35 percent, according to KKR’s website.
 Cargill Deal In 2012, Wild Flavors bought the juice blends business of Cargill Inc, adding more than $200 million to its annual sales and a platform to grow in Asia and North America.
 Tencent, seeking to build a stronger competitor to Alibaba, bought a 15 percent stake in JDcom and agreed to purchase an additional 5 percent after JD’s IPO.
 European sales were held back as somecustomers bought vehicles at the end of last year before morestringent emission regulations came into effect.
 Deutsche Bank advised truckmaker Scania AB, which is being bought by Volkswagen AG.
 “To hear such people complain about the lack of good corporate governance is truly akin to hearing the pot call the kettle black,” said Soong, who bought Oi’s American depository receipts at 70 cents.
 in 2004 in Shanghai, illegally bought information or obtained it through secret photography and infiltration, Xinhua reported.
 The lender’s African private-equity unit has invested funds in Zambia Energy Corp, whose CEC Africa unit has bought the 600-megawatt Shiroro hydropower plant in Nigeria’s Niger state and also purchased Abuja Electricity Distribution Co.
 Stephen Friedman, then a director at Goldman Sachs and chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, bought shares in the bank in 2008 and early 2009 while the regulator was helping prop up AIG.
 Weatherford bought drilling and oilfield service assets in Russia from TNK-BP in 2009 for $489 million before Rosneft’s acquisition of TNK-BP last year.
 The bank bought the 20 acres of beachfront land for $74 million in 2006, and contributed the holding to developer Kevin DeSanctis.
 Gildan bought Doris Inc, North America’s third-largest marketer of branded ladies legwear, on July 7 and announced in today’s report it will be opening a new textile facility in its Rio Nance, Honduras facility to support sales growth in 2016.
 He declined to say if he bought the notes.
 The central bank has kept the benchmark interest-rate target in a range of zero to 025 percent since December 2008 and has bought longer-term Treasury debt and mortgage-backed securities to keep borrowing costs low.
 The company, which was bought by Pernod in 1997, produces five liquor brands and sells Becherovka in 38 countries.
 Flipkart Applications In May, DST Global led a $210 million fundraising for Flipkart and the Indian company bought clothing site Myntracom to strengthen its position against Amazon.
July 2 (Bloomberg) -- Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, the world’s largest beer maker and the maker of Budweiser, bought a brewery in the home town of Budejovicky Budvar, a rival it has battled over brand rights for more than a century.
 InBev bought Pivovar Samson as.
 Six years ago, Essen-based property developer and manager Thelen bought the Nokia site, where previously Graetz KG produced television sets, and has spent 15 million euros since then developing it.
 ISE, which the company bought for $28 billion, may fetch $1 billion to $15 billion in a sale, one of the people said at the time.
 Scientific Games bought rival slot machine maker WMS Industries Inc.
 Lilly bought Novartis AG’s animal-health unit on April 22, making it the second-largest animal-health company by sales.
 Victoria Garrod, a London-based spokeswoman for Bank of America Corp, which bought Merrill Lynch in 2009, had no immediate comment when reached by phone.
July 28 (Bloomberg) -- On the afternoon of July 14, a broker bought Illinois bonds for 963 cents on the dollar.
 The firm, which bought Scottish Widows Investment Partnership last year, reported a 06 percent decline in assets under management to 3225 billion pounds in the three months to June 30, according to a statement today.
 Aberdeen, traditionally an investor in emerging markets, bought SWIP in November to broaden its product offerings and make it Europe’s largest publicly traded money manager by assets.
 Overseas investors bought $31 million more Taiwanese equities than they sold this week, the smallest purchases since May, exchange data show.
 Cutting Costs Even before Peltz bought shares, BNY Mellon Chief Executive Officer Gerald Hassell was selling assets and cutting costs to boost profitability.
 BNY Mellon bought back 126 million shares for $431 million in the second quarter, and “it’s our intention to continue with that in the third quarter,” Chief Financial Officer Todd Gibbons said today in a telephone interview.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates NBD PJSC’s Dnata in April, in the US.
 EDF last year bought from Cielo Wind Power LP the 49 percent stake of Spinning Spur II that it didn’t own.
 Recent Targets URS bought engineering adviser Scott Wilson Group Plc for 223 million pounds ($382 million) in 2010, beating a bid from CH2M Hill Cos.
 Today’s deal is the largest takeover of a diversified chemicals company since Solvay SA bought Rhodia SA in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 imports of noise-canceling headphones made by Beats Electronics LLC, the company being bought by Apple Inc.
 say it could wind up getting bought.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Porsche South Africa bought the Kyalami Formula One Grand Prix racetrack for 205 million rand ($195 million) at an auction in Johannesburg today.
 Discount spreads on bought deals are their narrowest since 2005, and volume is almost double what it was four years ago, Michael Moore and Dakin Campbell report.
July 3 (Bloomberg) -- Qualcomm Inc, the world’s largest maker of chips for mobile phones, said it bought Wilocity Ltd.
 Black Range Rover Motshoane bought a black Range Rover from a used-car dealership called EJX Auto last year that previously belonged to Maseko, according to documents he showed to Bloomberg News.
 Legg Mason adds Martin Currie to its lineup of independent investment affiliates including stock investor ClearBridge Advisors, fixed-income manager Western Asset Management and QS Investors, the global quantitative equity firm Legg Mason bought this year.
 Yin earns more than 4 percent annually on the wealth management products she bought from ICBC, China’s biggest lender.
 education unit bought by Apollo Global Management LLC last year borrowed $400 million with one of the riskiest types of junk bonds to pay a dividend to its new owners.
 Leon Black’s Apollo bought McGraw-Hill Education in March 2013 for $24 billion in cash.
 OCBC bought 346,870 Wing Hang shares at HK$1247659 each on July 22, taking its holding to 678 percent, a filing with Hong Kong’s SFC showed yesterday.
 The stock was bought at HK$125, the same as OCBC’s offer.
 “With the stocks having gone from being overbought to the cusp of oversold in less than a month, we see an emerging opportunity for long-term investors to initiate/add to positions” in carriers including American, United Continental Holdings Inc, Delta and Southwest, he said.
 NRG bought 146 million shares of the Danbury, Connecticut-based company for $349 million, FuelCell said today in a statement.
 Europe Profit “Mulally created a new attitude that was bought into bythe succeeding generation of management,” said Bernie McGinn,CEO of McGinn Investment Management in Alexandria, Virginia,which holds about 400,000 Ford shares“Part of that is younever stop innovating” In Europe, where Ford said it would return to profitabilitynext year, it reported a $14 million pretax profit in the secondquarter from a loss of $348 million last year.
 Scott Nicholson, a Washington state resident who filed the case, is seeking to represent a class of investors who have bought silver future contracts since Jan.
 Overbought Market Profits at S&P 500 members probably rose 62 percent in the second quarter, while sales gained 33 percent, according to analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
 I don’t think the market can go much higher in the short term because it’s overbought, but I don’t expect any meaningful correction” Six of the 10 main S&P 500 groups advanced today, with consumer shares advancing at least 03 percent to pace gains.
 The Charlotte, North Carolina-based firm had bought Westcorp, where Wolfe was president, and WFS Financial Inc, its auto-lending subsidiary, in 2006, according to a statement.
 Paradigm Services, the division that supplies satellite services in the UK, bought the operations in 2007.
 Lee bought Acosta, the largest US.
 Range, Pricing Qatar Airways will examine performance, range and pricing information for the re-engined Airbus A330 wide-body plane announced by the European manufacturer today, the CEO said, while adding that the Boeing 787 Dreamliner that the carrier has bought most likely “does all that the A330neo does” Al Baker said there’s no issue of industry over-capacity of the kind recently cited by Deutsche Lufthansa AG and Air France-KLM Group when down-grading profit outlooks.
 Hong Kong’s de facto central bank bought $133 billion this week to maintain the city’s 31-year-old currency peg to the greenback as merger activity boosted demand for the local dollar.
 An online HBO service in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark, which can be bought separately from cable-TV or Internet service, has generated 380,000 subscriptions, according to the people.
 The brokerage purchased Woori Asset Management in February, made a profit from stock underwriting last year for the first time and will move into a new building it bought from Deutsche Bank AG’s Korea unit in August, Kwon said in an interview at his office in Seoul.
 The firm arranged six initial public offerings last year, and bought Woori Asset Management for 755 billion won.
 Freeport is considering asset sales across its business to reduce debt, which jumped from $35 billion to more than $20 billion after it bought two oil and gas companies last year.
 Following Nelson Peltz and Trian Fund Management LP’s initial interest in Family Dollar in 2010, a trio of activists - - Bill Ackman, John Paulson and Carl Icahn -- all bought stakes and put pressure on the company to be sold.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- The personal-computer industry showed signs of improvement last quarter as businesses bought enough machines to revive sales growth at Microsoft Corp.
 Germany’s Q-Cells was bought by Hanwha Group in late 2012 after becoming insolvent.
 The court said that Fairchild must tell customers, distributors and others who bought the products about the order.
 2 aluminum maker, -21%; Coal India -34%, biggest loss in 3 weeks and most on Sensex; copper maker Sesa Sterlite -07%; S&P BSE Metals Index -15% in 2nd day of losses * Coal India -34%, most in 3 weeks and biggest loser on Sensex * NOTE: Sensex trades at 155 times projected 12-month profits, versus MSCI Emerging Markets Index’s multiple of 112; foreign investors bought $611m of local shrs on July 24, taking this year’s inflows to $121b, most in Asia; Indian gauge +23% YTD * “Equity markets in India have had a strong run in India so much so that Sensex P/E ratio is higher than that for the S&P 500,” Jan Dehn, London-based head of research at Ashmore Group Plc, which has ~$70b in emerging-market assets, told Bloomberg TV India; “Lot of money came in late after the elections and some of that money is fairly impatient and short term” * “Equity markets in India have had a strong run in India so much so that Sensex P/E ratio is higher than that for the S&P 500,” Jan Dehn, London-based head of research at Ashmore Group Plc, which has ~$70b in emerging-market assets, told Bloomberg TV India; “Lot of money came in late after the elections and some of that money is fairly impatient and short term”</li></ul> * Wockhardt -78%, worst performer on S&P BSE Mid-Cap Index; stk surged 28% last week * Hindustan Unilever +35% after 1Q profit, sales exceed est.
 Twitter also bought CardSpring Inc, which will help shoppers secure deals for items they see in the microblogging service’s ads.
 Often, though, the patents are bought by firms whose main business is to turn a profit from licensing deals.
 In the first quarter alone, Google bought 273 patents, according to a report by Austin, Texas-based Innography Inc, which makes software to analyze patent portfolios.
 The former board member of the Reserve Bank of Australia hasn’t made any statement about his intentions regarding David Jones since the department store revealed he’d bought a 065 percent holding May 30.
 then bought Zico Beverages LLC of Hermosa Beach, California.
 Dubai district cooling firm Empower, majority owned by Dubai Electricity & Water Authority, bought Dubai World unit Palm District Cooling for $500 million in January.
 Parsons Brinckerhoff Balfour’s plan to sell Parsons Brinckerhoff, the New York-based infrastructure consulting company it bought for $626 million in 2009, will proceed and isn’t affected by the potential merger with Carillion, the companies said.
 de Gas de Sao Paulo, the gas-distribution company known as Comgas, which Cosan bought control of in November 2012, accounts for the biggest stake at 35 percent of ebitda.
 To remake its cloud business, Rometty bought SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
 Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico, an opponent of asset sales carried out by previous administrations, has said missing the 2014 deadline would be “intolerable” Enel bought a majority of the country’s largest generator for 840 million euros in 2004.
 No other carrier in Japan has bought the aircraft, which typically fits about 525 people.
 bought Time Warner for $124 billion in 2001, said Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners LLC.
 Debt Auctions Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 259 percent of the notes, the most since December 2012, versus an average of 128 percent for the past 10 auctions.
 Recent Purchases Essentra bought Mesan Kilit AS in January to add a Turkish maker of locks, hinges and accessories used in industries such as energy and telecommunications.
 It also bought ANZ Terminals for A$525 million ($492 million), the Australian Financial review reported June 30.
 Macquarie Infrastructure bought its initial 50 percent stake in the company in May 2006.
 Portuguese Spread Aberdeen Asset Management, Scotland’s biggest money manager, oversees about 325 billion pounds ($556 billion) after it bought Scottish Widows Investment Partnership in April.
 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority said it bought $21 billion within the past 24 hours at HK$775 a dollar, the upper limit of a convertibility range that triggers intervention.
 Global funds bought a net $204 billion of stocks in India, Indonesia, South Korea and Taiwan in the second quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Strougo is seeking to proceed on behalf of all investors who bought Barclays ADSs from Aug.
 The 17th Street property is around the corner from Google Inc’s New York headquarters at 111 Eighth Ave, an almost 3 million-square-foot former warehouse that the Internet company bought for $18 billion in 2010.
 Mountain View, California-based Google plans to expand into as much as 500,000 additional square feet in the building as tenants are either bought out or their leases expire, Crain’s New York Business reported on July 29.
 “I don’t think the market can go much higher in the short term because it’s overbought, but I don’t expect any meaningful correction,” said Pierre Mouton, who helps oversee $8 billion at Notz, Stucki & Cie.
 Barrick acquired Jabal Sayid when it bought Equinox Minerals Ltd.
(Corrects sixth paragraph of story published June 25 to fix spelling of Bank of America Corp’s name) June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Banks stand to lose as much as $45 billion in annual revenue as regulations aimed at improving financial stability alter how interest-rate swaps are bought and sold, according to a report from McKinsey & Co.
 ITV Plc rallied 62 percent after Liberty Global Plc bought a minority stake in the UK.
 In April, around the same time the Barrick-Newmont discussions faltered, Goldcorp terminated a hostile C$33 billion ($31 billion) bid for Osisko Mining Corp, a Canadian gold producer that agreed to be bought by two other companies.
 He became the entertainment company’s biggest shareholder after Disney in 2006 bought Pixar, the animation studio he helped create.
 The airline said June 12 that it would repay A$450 million of senior unsecured bank debt eight months early, having bought back $254 million of bonds due in April 2016.
 FiveT Profit FiveT made a profit of $269 million on the American Apparel shares that it bought for 50 cents in March and sold on June 11 and June 23 at prices ranging from 63 cents to 70 cents apiece.
 and Deutsche Bank AG, agreed to pay a total of almost $8 billion last year to settle claims they made misrepresentations about mortgages underlying securities bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the lead-up to the credit crisis.
 Still, Goldman’s cost could be lower than what rival banks paid, as a percentage of the face value of securities bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 The FHFA said in its original suit that the two companies bought $111 billion from Goldman Sachs, and an $800 million settlement would be 72 percent of that total.
 The housing finance companies bought about $57 billion of bonds from Bank of America and its predecessor firms.
 KKR, run by Henry Kravis and his cousin George Roberts, bought the roll-on, roll-off freight business for about 910 million euros ($12 billion) in 2007 in what was the New York firm’s first Turkish acquisition.
 mortgage securities bought before the 2008 financial crisis have been unloading large blocks during the past few years to benefit as prices rallied.
 Including sales where bonds could be bought individually, it would be the 10th largest since then.
 Financial terms, including the number of shares to be bought, weren’t disclosed.
 That all changed in March when she bought M-Kopa Solar, a sun-powered lighting system that uses mobile-phone technology to track usage and stores energy for when her home and pathway need to be lit up.
 “Before we bought the bulbs I was fearful of lions,” the 42-year-old mother of six said in her cramped sitting room under a ceiling stained by kerosene smoke.
 Since Parsitau bought the system, she no longer has to make the two-hour round-trip to a river lower down in the valley to fill jerry cans with water that were then lugged back to her home by donkey.
 “Since we bought these bulbs our life has greatly improved,” she said.
 UK-based investors bought 96 percent of the securities allotted, the debt office said.
 The company bought 285,000 metric tons of cocoa beans in the main crop season through June 12 from 265,000 tons a year ago, Manu said.
 term loan they bought to fund the publisher’s spinoff from its parent, according to Bloomberg data.
 Self-proclaimed “car-heads,” the brothers from Brampton, Ontario, bought a Transformers-inspired, yellow and black Camaro in 2007.
 this year, the brothers sold it and bought a Nissan Altima.
 bought for $19 billion in February.
 Retail investors accounted for about 75 percent of shares sold last year and 77 percent of those bought, according to exchange data.
 The lender combined its banking operations in the region with Barclays in 2002 to create FirstCaribbean, and four years later bought Barclays’s 44 percent stake for $9887 million.
 Last July, Broz, Watkins and a third investor bought a two-story row home in Northeast Washington for $350,000.
 Gold Fields bought St.
 The Canonsburg, Pennsylvania-based drugmaker instead bought Abbott Laboratories’ off-patent business this month to shift its legal address to Europe.
 The carrier is boosting its position at Rome Fiumicino Airport about 33 percent and ramping up its presence at London Gatwick with slots bought from Flybe Group Plc.
 At 14, he bought his first shares with cash his father gave him, Garcia told Spanish broadcaster TVE last year.
 “Large companies are willing to open their portfolios to the right people” He said his Campbell, California-based firm, has bought patents from Nokia, Panasonic and Huawei Technology Co.
 Largest Deal This deal is the largest takeover of a diversified chemicals company since Solvay SA bought Rhodia SA in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 No other carrier in Japan has bought the aircraft, which typically fits about 525 people.
 single-family landlord, the company bought Beazer Pre-Owned Rental Homes Inc.
 Cargill Inc, the Minneapolis-based agricultural products trader, bought a 5 percent stake in ULF for $200 million in December.
 imports of noise-canceling headphones made by Beats Electronics LLC, the company being bought by Apple Inc.
 People who want them have already bought them” Canon rose 08 percent to 3,414 yen at the close in Tokyo trading, before the earnings announcement.
 bought Square Co.
 SNC then bought oil services group Kentz Corp.
 AMC bought Chellomedia in October for 750 million euros ($104 billion).
 In May, Liberty Global bought TV producer All3Media in a partnership with Discovery Communications Inc.
 Jana also bought a stake in AerCap Holdings NV in a bet that the Schiphol, Netherlands-based aircraft-leasing firm will benefit from its purchase of American International Group Inc’s International Lease Finance Corp.
 Russians bought $425 million of goods on EBay in 2012 and are now placing about 90,000 orders each day, she said.
 Going out and buying scale by buying Mead Johnson doesn’t solve the problem” It’s conceivable that if Danone doesn’t buy, it could get bought.
 While there are still political hurdles, Tegner notes that other iconic French brands such as Yoplait, Royal Canin and Orangina have been bought by foreign groups.
 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the city’s de facto central bank, bought $1 billion to prevent the territory’s currency from rising beyond its permitted range against the dollar.
 Oksana Misyura, the 34-year-old manager of an online shopping service, said she was at first surprised to learn how many Russian-made products she bought, from cosmetics to sweets and food.
July 28 (Bloomberg) -- Hong Kong’s de facto central bank bought $690 million on July 25 to defend the city’s 31-year-old peg to the US.
 De Beers Consolidated Mines, the South African mining business of the world’s largest diamond producer, bought the local sales unit for about $230 million from its parent, De Beers said in a statement today.
 Ponahalo bought its stake in the mining business in 2006.
 Anglo American Plc owns 85 percent of De Beers after it bought the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in 2012 for $51 billion.
 The two-century-old Swiss chocolatier, which Nestle bought in 1929, is credited with inventing milk chocolate.
 The company bought Talecris Biotherapeutics Holdings Corp.
 NorthStar Realty, based in New York, has been building a health-care property business and earlier this year bought $105 billion of senior housing and skilled-nursing facilities.
 The firm bought additional stock in January 2011, ultimately spending $364 million to purchase a total of 98 million shares at an average price of $3697 each, according to filings with the US.
 Shares of Repsol SA, the biggest Spanish oil company in which Temasek bought a 5 percent stake in early 2013, gained 27 percent when measured in Singapore dollars.
 It bought 53 million shares in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc, a manufacturer of scientific instruments and chemicals, directly or through its units, and 16 million shares in BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc, a developer of therapeutic enzyme products, according to a May 15 filing with the US.
 and HDFC Bank Ltd, climbed to a record on July 7 after global investors bought $108 billion of shares this year, the most in Asia after Taiwan, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Portugal Telecom bought 897 million euros ($122 billion) of commercial paper in April from Rioforte, a holding company controlled by GES.
 For Sertao I and II, the company bought turbines from General Electric Co.
 Twitter also bought CardSpring Inc, which will help shoppers secure deals for items they see in the microblogging service’s ads.
 Last week, Memphis, Tennessee-based International Paper’s stock rose after a hedge-fund manager bought several containerboard companies and urged them to reorganize as MLPs.
 Concord, an affiliate of Vancouver-based real estate developer Concord Pacific Developments Inc, bought the Val Caron project in Greater Sudbury, valued at more than C$60 million ($564 million), Guelph, Ontario-based Canadian Solar said today in a statement.
 Overseas investors bought about 80 percent, versus 20 percent for locals, Shim said.
July 2 (Bloomberg) -- Freddie Mac bought insurance to cover as much as $285 million of losses on a pool of US.
 The taxpayer-backed mortgage giant obtained the policies, tied to loans it bought or guaranteed in the second quarter of 2013, from a group of insurers and reinsurers, Freddie Mac said today in an e-mailed statement.
 Europe Profit “Mulally created a new attitude that was bought into by the succeeding generation of management,” said Bernie McGinn, CEO of McGinn Investment Management in Alexandria, Virginia, which holds about 400,000 Ford shares“Part of that is you never stop innovating” In Europe, where Ford said it would return to profitability next year, it reported a $14 million pretax profit in the second quarter from a loss of $348 million last year.
 Global funds have bought a net $15 billion of Thai stocks and bonds this month, exchange data show.
 The company, which the private equity firms bought in 2010, operates 44 hospitals including the Prince of Wales Private Hospital in Sydney and Melbourne Private Hospital, according to its website.
 Yesterday, 45 stocks traded above the 50-day moving average, with one closing at a new 52-week high and none at a new 52-week low, while 11 closed with the 14-day RSI above 70, signaling to some technical analysts that a security is overbought.
 Enterprise in 2007 bought Vanguard’s Alamo and National brands.
 “One woman was in tears because she’d just bought a brand new BMW,” said Dike, whose cookery school Taste-Buds specializes in corporate team-building events.
 single-family housing landlord, bought Beazer Pre-Owned Rental Homes Inc.
 The company that bought a pension record-keeping business from JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 The company bought the large-market 401(k) record-keeping business from JPMorgan, making the life insurer the second-largest record keeper of those retirement plans by participants, with 68 million workers who have $387 billion in assets.
 Time Warner Cable has agreed to be bought by Philadelphia-based Comcast Corp.
 The company, which developed Praluent with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc, said it bought a voucher from BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.
 The London-based company bought the assets as part of the A$39 billion ($37 billion) purchase of Riversdale Mining Ltd.
 The bank, which bought the unit in 2008, didn’t give further details.
 Registered Capital An article by Tencent Holdings Ltd’s news portal reported July 13 that Rui had started a public relations company that Edelman later bought.
 Cao bought Rui’s remaining shares in 2010 in a transaction that “took longer than expected,” according to the statement from Edelman.
 ITV declined to say whether the company as a whole is available for sale after John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc bought a 64 percent stake.
 Liberty Global bought the ITV holding this month from Rupert Murdoch’s British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc for 481 million pounds ($815 million), saying it didn’t plan to make a full takeover bid for now.
 Improper Servicing The accord sparked claims that JPMorgan and Bear Stearns Cos, which it bought in 2008, needed to repurchase mortgages whose quality was misrepresented, as well as pay for mishandling loans once they’re made.
 The Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank said this month it would pay $650 million to American International Group Inc, one of the objectors to the agreement that had also filed a separate suit over mortgage securities created by Countrywide Financial Corp, the lender bought by Bank of America in 2008.
 “A lot of folks were probably looking at the bitcoin market and saying, how am I going to play on this?” Alex Charfen, who with a partner bought the BitcoinWalletcom name, said they wanted to make their new business easy to find through Google searches.
 “We bought the domain because we knew we could optimize it and have a lot of traffic” They introduced their software for securely holding bitcoins in March, and the site has had 6,700 users since April 3, when the service began to be promoted, Charfen said.
 ‘Quite Lucky’ Bitcoin Shop Inc, an online retailer whose stock ticker was changed to BTCS in March, bought the domain name btcscom for $12,250.
 prosecutors in Manhattan, said he has bought several hundred domain names for about $5 each since 2011 and plans to let entrepreneurs whose projects he likes to use them “pretty much for free” So far, Shrem said in an interview, he’s declined all offers for names such as bitcoinvc and watchbitcoincom that he owns.
 bought stakes in the bank.
 The shares were bought at HK$125 ($16), the same as OCBC’s offer.
 OCBC, which bought ING Groep NV’s Asian private-banking business in 2009 for $146 billion, is also open to more acquisitions to boost its wealth-management business “should there be available ones,” Tsien said.
 It bought 8517 US.
 Wuhan-based Dongfeng bought a 14 percent stake in Peugeot in May to help fund the French company’s turnaround efforts, which hinge on expanding in growing economies such as China, the world’s biggest car market.
 Rodney McMullen chief executive officer at the beginning of this year, bought the Harris Teeter supermarket chain for $25 billion in January.
July 7 (Bloomberg) -- The Swiss agency overseeing World Cup corporate hospitality tickets said it blocked semifinal and final packages bought by three companies and canceled those of another amid a Brazilian police investigation into VIP ticket scalping.
 Together, the four companies bought tickets valued at $27 million for the World Cup, Match said, adding they agreed to “strict” terms of distribution.
 A receptionist at the company’s office said she couldn’t comment Match said if Reliance, Jet Set and Pamodzi and their customers don’t cooperate with the police investigation, the semifinal and final tickets they bought will also be canceled.
 “Share prices have gotten too far ahead of earnings and entered overbought territory” The coup in May that overthrew the government headed by Yingluck Shinawatra is the 12th since 1932.
 Overbought Levels The Thai equity measure sank 12 percent yesterday, the most in a month, after the gauge’s relative strength index had stayed above the 70 threshold that signals a reversal for 12 straight days.
 The year I covered the British Open (Royal Birkdale in 2008) is the only golf tournament I’ve ever gone to when I walked into the pro shop and bought a winter hat -- like, a ski-style, knit winter hat.
 + John Malone’s Liberty Global bought a stake in ITV from BSkyB for $824 million.
 “One generic company acknowledged that it was being ‘bought out of perindopril’” Fine Allocations Krka Group dd, Slovenia’s biggest drugmaker, was fined 10 million euros over the drug-delay pact.
 bought Nest Labs Inc.
 It bought 53 million shares in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc, a manufacturer of scientific instruments and chemicals, directly or through its units, and 16 million shares in BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc, a developer of therapeutic enzyme products, according to a May 15 filing with the US.
 While both programs make money by exchanging tickets bought from airlines for passenger miles and credit-card points, Smiles gets bigger discounts on the tickets than Multiplus, according to Carlos Eduardo Picchi Daltozo of BB Investimentos.
 Stockholm-based EQT bought SSP from Compass Group Plc in 2006, backed by more than 1 billion pounds of leveraged loans.
 Steel Bids Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest private lender, bought Bank of Cyprus’s Ukraine unit in April for 202 million euros after the price was said to have been reduced by 10 percent.
 They bought right, but now they are stuck” American Homes 4 Rent, the second-biggest company in the industry, this month bought Beazer Pre-Owned Rental Homes Inc, gaining more than 1,300 houses.
 American Homes 4 Rent bought Beazer for about $263 million in debt and stock, its largest bulk acquisition so far.
 California Homes Gregor Watson, whose Dwell Finance now owns about 5,000 rentals, has sold about 200 of the first houses he bought, mostly in the San Francisco Bay area, where prices have climbed more than 60 percent since 2009, when he began buying in the post-bubble trough.
 Led by Bennett Goodman, GSO has expanded from $10 billion when Blackstone bought the firm, in part by issuing CLOs, which pool leveraged loans and then slice them into securities of varying risk.
 “We were overbought in the long end of the yield curve and had a bit better data with the weekly-claims number that put further pressure on Treasuries,” said Guy LeBas, chief fixed-income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC in Philadelphia.
 “The businesses are complementary and the expanded product and service offering will benefit clients” Bidvest, which has a range of businesses including car sales and food delivery, bought a 345 percent stake in Adcock Ingram Holdings earlier this year to add pharmaceuticals to its portfolio.
 Overseas investors bought a net $378 million of Indian shares on June 27, taking this year’s inflows to $99 billion.
 Enel bought its 66 percent stake in Bratislava, Slovakia-based Slovenske in 2004 for 840 million euros ($113 billion), beating an offer by Czech utility CEZ AS.
 Capri, a Chicago-based real estate investment advisory firm, and TruAmerica of Los Angeles bought the two-tower, 464-unit property from a partnership that includes developer JH.
 “Most of these Chinese want a golden visa so they can travel in the EU and end up renting their properties for most of the year” Sunken Boats Edmund Zhao, a Chinese national who bought a 700,000-euro apartment near Lisbon last year, got a Portuguese residency permit in nine months.
 after Osisko agreed to be bought by two other companies.
 unit of French utility Electricite de France SA bought most of an Illinois wind farm that will sell power to Microsoft Corp.
 EDF Renewable Energy bought a 96 percent stake in the 175-megawatt Pilot Hill Wind Project from Orion Energy Group LLC and Vision Energy LLC that’s under construction 60 miles (97 kilometers) southwest of Chicago, the San Diego-based company said today in a statement.
 Homes bought with bank loans haven’t surpassed 21 percent of the total in the past 14 years.
 Demarchi, the home seller, bought the house in 1989, at a time when prices were lower in dollar terms as a result of hyperinflation of 1,300 percent in Argentina.
 bought the building from reinsurer Swiss Re Ltd.
 Deutsche Fonds Holding AG, a closely held German company, bought IVG’s private funds management business, including the fund that owns part of the Gherkin, on March 20.
 Germany’s Q-Cells was bought by Hanwha Group in late 2012 after becoming insolvent.
 Foreigners have bought $119 billion of Indian equities this year, the most in Asia, on speculation that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will spur economic growth from near a decade low.
 Traders at Lloyds bought derivatives that bet on sterling Libor and then attempted to manipulate the benchmark rate to make those contracts profitable, according to the bank’s settlement with the FCA.
 Last year, Itochu bought Dole Food Co’s Asian fruit and vegetable business and global canned foods unit for $13 billion.
 Severstal, controlled by billionaire Alexey Mordashov, bought PBS in 2008 to provide a guaranteed supply of coal for its US.
 Its interest in the German maker of natural flavorings, and in Diana Ingredients, being bought by Symrise for 13 billion euros, indicates Ajinomoto’s focus is on food ingredients rather than on non-food operations that account for 40 percent of Symrise’s business, he said.
 bought the Dublin-based specialty drugmaker for $55 billion on July 19.
 New York-based KKR, run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought a stake in 2010 and now owns 35 percent, according to KKR’s website.
 Cargill Deal In 2012, Wild Flavors bought the juice blends business of Cargill Inc, adding more than $200 million to its annual sales and a platform to grow in Asia and North America.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- SunEdison Inc, the best-performing solar company this year, bought the 156 megawatt Comanche Solar project in Colorado from Community Energy that will supply Xcel Energy Inc.
 The gauge advanced 14 percent in the quarter ended yesterday, the most since the three months through September 2009, as international investors bought Indian stocks on expectations the new government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi will curb Asia’s fastest consumer inflation and boost an economy growing at near the slowest pace in a decade.
 Overseas investors bought a net $378 million of Indian shares on June 27, extending this year’s inflows to $992 billion, the highest after Taiwan among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Portugal Telecom faces a loss of 897 million euros ($122 billion) from short-term debt it bought from Rioforte Investments SA after this week’s default.
 Paulson bought Solocal’s bank loans in 2013 when they traded at more than a 20 percent discount to face value.
 Provisions will soar by even more in Romania, the Black Sea country of 20 million where Erste bought Banca Comerciala Romana SA for 375 billion euros in 2005, six times its book value at the time.
 Airbus Group is bidding with leasable Heron TP drones bought from Tel Aviv-based IAI.
 Visa Inc, the largest bank-card network, said in May it bought the rest of GP Network Corp, a Japanese processing company.
 So far this year, the entrepreneur has bought 363 pubs in two separate deals and he says there are over a thousand more on his radar.
 Last year, Cerberus Capital Management LP bought Admiral Taverns Ltd, which it plans to use as a platform for more acquisitions.
July 11 (Bloomberg) -- Hong Kong’s de facto central bank bought $163 billion this week to maintain the city’s 31-year-old currency peg to the greenback as merger activity boosted demand for the local dollar.
 Companies such as BP Plc have bought assets off Namibia on a bet that the southern African nation’s coastal shelf may mirror that of Brazil across the Atlantic, while Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
 The insurer and a local partner this year took a majority stake in Siam Commercial Samaggi Insurance PCL in Thailand, and Ace in 2013 bought Ally Financial Inc’s Mexican insurance business for $865 million.
 Stockland bought 199 percent of the Sydney-based company and followed that with an all-share bid equivalent to A$420 a share, which Australand rejected on April 23.
 Demand may also slow in the second half after China bought more than it needed in the first part of the year, Rabobank said in a report e-mailed on June 25.
 “We struggled early,” Conway said, noting Applus and French telecommunications company Numericable Group SA as companies bought at high prices.
 After Tetragon bought Polygon Management LP for about $99 million in October 2012, Omega sued Tetragon’s officers and directors claiming they used the purchase to funnel company assets to themselves.
 Foreigners have bought $119 billion of Indian equities this year, the most in Asia, on speculation Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will spur economic growth.
 Lager volumes, however, declined in Latin America, the company’s largest region, and Australia, where it bought Foster’s Group Ltd.
 Actavis Plc bought Forest this month.
 The fund, named for the initials of its first five investors, bought three-year bonds in HFC Bank Ghana Ltd, an Accra-based bank, and fixed deposits priced off bills offered by local lenders that don’t have commercial banking licenses, he said, declining to be more specific.
 ITV rose 38 percent to 2025 pence, extending its two-day gain to 10 percent after Liberty Global Plc bought a minority stake in the commercial broadcaster.
 The firm’s realized share of investment profits more than doubled as it sold holdings during the quarter, including South Korean beer maker Oriental Brewery Co, which Anheuser-Busch InBev NV bought for $58 billion, and a stake in Sunrise Senior Living LLC, a senior-residence management business that returned KKR more than five times its money.
 Foreigners have bought $12 billion of domestic shares this year, the most in Asia, on speculation that new Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will spur economic growth from near a decade low.
 Foreigners bought a net $1395 million of local shares yesterday, a sixth straight day of net purchases, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 To remake its cloud business, Rometty bought provider SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
 Blackstone bought Alban Gate, an office building in the financial district, for 300 million pounds from Carlyle Group LP earlier this month.
 Vodafone bought Kabel Deutschland last year to blend its wireless business with fixed-line offerings.
 Mennica, which generates most of its revenue from making coins and magnetic cards, bought 23 percent of Netia for 442 million zloty ($146 million), or 549 zloty a share on the Warsaw bourse, it said in a regulatory filing late yesterday.
 “The fact that in the last transaction Mennica bought shares above the Vectra offered price shows that the fight intensifies” Central Europe’s telecommunications market has been active for takeover deals in past years as rising competition and slowing growth prompted operators to review expansion plans.
 Deutsche Telekom AG this year bought out minority shareholders of its Czech unit for $11 billion and purchased GTS Central Europe for 546 million euros ($744 million) to expand fixed networks.
 Jump Trading LLC, a Chicago-based company founded by former pit traders, bought the tower last year through a UK.
 “There are rumors in the industry that people have bought tower space or have bought frequencies that they don’t use,” Cumberland said.
 Belgium Finance Ministry spokeswoman Florence Angelici wouldn’t comment on who bought the tower or the price paid, citing the government’s “professional secrecy policy” Toren Navo Toren Navo Aansluiting, based in London, was incorporated in February 2013, according to a filing with the UK’s Companies House.
 Nominal Fee In one version of the barrier-option transaction described in a public 2010 IRS memorandum, Barclays bought a pool of securities and paid Renaissance a nominal fee to manage them.
 Buyout firms TPG Capital and Carlyle Group LP had bought the company in 2010.
 The rally in longer-term Treasuries has been fueled in part by pension funds looking to lock in gains in equities and by demographic shifts as aging investors have bought more fixed-income securities to save for retirement.
 Gamers have bought more PlayStation 4 consoles than Wii U’s, even though the Nintendo machine has been out a year longer.
 Letseng, once operated by De Beers, was bought by Gem in 2006 for $1185 million and is famous for the size and value of its stones.
 economy recovered and China’s rising middle class bought more.
 “We hope customers can give us another chance and visit our restaurants again” Chinese consumers are reeling from revelations that hamburgers, chicken nuggets and other products they bought from Papa John’s, McDonald’s Corp.
 Inspecta, in which 3i bought in June 2007 in a deal valued at 243 million euros, offers a range of inspection, testing, certification, technical consultancy and training services to the energy, engineering and real-estate industries, according to 3i’s website.
 Nominal Fee In one version of the barrier-option transaction described in a public 2010 IRS memorandum, Barclays bought a pool of securities and paid Renaissance a nominal fee to manage them.
 Russell Stover is being acquired from the family of Lou Ward, who bought the company in 1960.
 The project, started after investment firm Investindustrial bought a 375 percent stake in December 2012, is aimed at securing the carmaker’s independence as it competes with Fiat SpA’s Maserati and Volkswagen AG’s Porsche and Bentley.
 “The difficulty is that we see only the transaction amounts” without knowing what’s being bought, said Peter Barnes, Western Union’s top sleuth in northern Europe.
 “The buyers could have gone on strike and not bought this,” said David Beattie, senior credit officer at Moody’s Investors Service, said by phone from Toronto.
 Bank of America and firms it purchased issued about $965 billion of mortgage bonds from 2004 to 2008, while New York-based JPMorgan and companies it bought issued $450 billion, according to analysts at Sanford C.
 The price of the commodity is about half of what it was back in 2011, when Cliffs bought Canadian iron-ore producer Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 The company, founded in 1896 to sell “elegant but affordable shoes,” was bought by London-based Charterhouse Capital Partners LLP in 2007 in a deal financed with 34 billion euros of loans.
 USEC, based in Bethesda, Maryland, from 1994 until 2013 bought nuclear material from Russia, helping to convert the equivalent of 20,000 nuclear warheads under the “Megatons to Megawatts” nonproliferation program, according to court papers.
 to review strategic options, which has spurred speculation that it may be bought.
 bought in May.
 HSBC bought Lloyds operations for $769 million in 2012, while Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC acquired RBS retail banking assets in 2010.
 Reynolds Tobacco Co’s founder bought a stake in Crumbs Bake Shop Inc, betting that he and other shareholders will receive a piece of the cupcake chain once it emerges from bankruptcy.
 “The market had gotten a little bit overbought and people who were long are looking to take chips off the table before payrolls” A long is a bet the price of a security will rise.
 The London-based producer of Johnnie Walker Scotch bought 26 percent of the company for 3,030 rupees a share, raising its stake to 548 percent, Diageo said today in a statement.
 Global funds bought $2 billion more of Thailand’s bonds than they sold in the last four days, set for the largest net weekly purchases since September.
 bought startup MakerBot Industries LLC for about $400 million last year.
 Sinclair, based in Hunt Valley, Maryland, is acquiring TV stations owned by the Allbritton family for $985 million, while Gannett bought Belo Corp, another TV station group, for $203 billion in December.
 He still sees more gains to come, citing the skepticism on Wall Street as a sign that plenty of investors haven’t bought shares yet.
 In February, it bought another London property on Carey Street, close to the Royal Courts of Justice, for 90 million pounds ($154 million) to develop a residential project.
 In 2010, Lodha bought a central Mumbai plot for 405 billion rupees from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority, which it said was India’s biggest land deal to date, according to the company’s website.
 Russian gas accounted for 46 percent of the fuel the EU brought to its market in 2013 and 31 percent of coal it bought externally came from Russia, data from the bloc’s statistics agency show.
 “Traders bought in expectation of drastic sanctions against Russia and the potential impact on supply of gas and coal to Europe,” Nicolai Wuesten, a power market analyst at Energieunion GmbH, said yesterday by phone from Schwerin, Germany.
July 17 (Bloomberg) -- Legal & General Group Plc bought a 40 percent stake in Pemberton Asset Management Holdings Ltd.
 The San Francisco-based company bought MoPub Inc, an exchange that can distribute advertisements on more than 1 billion mobile devices, in October.
 The brokerage’s profit margin increased to 21 percent, the highest since the firm bought Smith Barney from Citigroup Inc.
 The bank said today it bought back $284 million in the second quarter.
 The Seattle-based company under Rascoff’s leadership bought New York real estate website Streeteasycom for $50 million last year and apartment-search site HotPads Inc.
 Recently completed deals at the 90-story tower include a $304 million unit on the 61st floor bought by a limited-liability company and a $178 million apartment that sold to Richard Kringstein, the CEO of outerwear company Herman Kay Co, city property records show.
 CEZ Chief Executive Officer Daniel Benes said in April he regretted that the Czech company hadn’t bought Slovenske Elektrarne AS when it was for sale in 2006 and that he’d be open to bidding for Enel’s 66 percent stake.
 Enel bought the stake in Slovenske Elektrarne for 839 million euros, pledging to invest another 19 billion euros in the company during 10 years.
 The company bought a 96 percent stake in Annova LNG, a startup in the early stages of building a $13 billion liquefied natural gas-export terminal in Brownsville, Texas, David Chung, founder of Annova and now an Exelon vice president, said in an interview today.
 AB InBev Buys Brewer in Budweiser Rival’s Czech Home Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, the world’s largest beer maker and the brewer of Budweiser, bought a brewery in the hometown of Budejovicky Budvar, a rival it has battled over trademark rights for more than a century.
 InBev bought Pivovar Samson as.
 China’s gold demand fell 19 percent in the first six months of this year as investors bought fewer bars and coins, offsetting increased demand for jewelry, the China Gold Association said yesterday.
 Starbucks said earlier that it has already bought all of the coffee it needs for this fiscal year and about 40 percent for 2015.
 It bought Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 A number of banks have been selling without necessarily taking big hits” Private-equity firms, hedge funds and other specialized investors seeking higher returns have bought illiquid assets from shipping loans to repackaged debt as stimulus measures by central banks depress bond yields.
 ITV Plc jumped the most in a year and a half after cable TV company Liberty Global Plc bought a minority stake in the commercial broadcaster.
 It bought the holding from British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, paying 185 pence a share.
 Litigation Billionaire Khosla Spars With Surfers Over Beach Access Billionaire Vinod Khosla, the co-founder of Sun Microsystems Inc, made his last stand to block public access to a northern California beach on a 56-acre plot he bought for $325 million.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- Credit Suisse Group AG bought $37 billion of US.
 Including sales where bonds could be bought individually or in smaller groups, it was the 10th-largest since then.
 It bought a 5 percent stake in unlisted utility Dong Energy A/S last year.
 “The shareholders will sell but itdepends on the price” Vox, which was bought by a group led by black-ownedinvestment company Lereko Metier for about 452 million rand ($42million) in 2011, would join a wave of developments in SouthAfrica’s telecommunications sector.
 said it repaid $44 billion in bonds that Berkshire bought to help the candy maker acquire Wm.
 The hedge fund also disclosed in yesterday’s filing that it bought 154 million shares on June 30, accounting for 09 percent of the chain.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- Duerr AG bought a majority stake in Homag Group AG, a manufacturer of wood-processing equipment, for 219 million euros ($297 million) to diversify its business.
 Quebecor bought airwaves in Ontario, Alberta and British Columbia during a government auction this year, giving it the spectrum needed to carry data through dense urban areas in Canada’s most populous provinces.
 In contrast to state-owned companies that traditionally bought resources such as mines and oil fields to fuel the country’s soaring economy, Chinese entrepreneurs like Guo, 47, are looking overseas for brands, technology and financial assets that cater to the nation’s growing ranks of the affluent.
 “Fosun is the closest in our view” Other Chinese entrepreneurs acquiring more overseas include Jack Ma, founder of China’s largest e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which this year bought stakes in messaging service TangoMe Inc.
 In 2012 URS bought Flint Energy Services Ltd.
 in 1995, before Barclays bought the investment bank’s North American operation out of bankruptcy in 2008.
 IP-Only bought a network from the local utility in Kristinehamn in December and will expand fiber with speeds of 1 gigabit per second to residents.
 Senator Investment Group LP, which managed $67 billion as of February, told clients that month that Blackstone bought a minority piece of its business.
 “If you have some proprietary product that others don’t have, that could potentially give you a competitive edge” KKR, run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought a stake in hedge-fund manager Nephila Capital Ltd.
 opted to receive a $163 million breakup fee by terminating an agreement to be taken over by Hillshire Brands Co, clearing the way for its would-be acquirer to be bought out by Tyson Foods Inc.
 SIG, which was bought by Rank Group in 2007 for 283 billion swiss francs ($32 billion), had 168 billion euros ($23 billion) of revenue in 2013 according to the company’s website.
 and is the fourth sold from six buildings Carlyle bought in 2010 for 671 million pounds, Carlyle said in an e-mailed statement.
A Chinese collector who bought an ancient Chinese ceramic cup for a record HK$281 million (US$36 million) at auction in April got an unexpected bonus when he paid for it today: almost 422 million American Express points.
 ETFs are similar to mutual funds that track indexes of equities, bonds or commodities, though they can be bought and sold during the trading day.
 Imperial Tobacco, which makes Gauloises cigarettes, inherited a 596 percent stake in Logista at the time of the 126 billion-euro Altadis takeover and later bought the rest in a deal that valued the logistics company at 23 billion euros.
 But many investors are lured by the jackpot appeal of a stock they bought for a cent or two doubling or quadrupling in value overnight.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- Change Capital Partners LLP, a London-based private-equity firm, bought a majority stake in Frette SrL, the Italian maker of luxury linen and home furnishings.
 JH Parters bought its stake in December 2004.
 The company bought the facility to make its new line of firearms, as it seeks to attract new customers.
 Gunvor Group, a smaller competitor to Vitol with major trading operations in Geneva, bought two former Petroplus refineries located in Ingolstadt, Germany and Antwerp, Belgium in 2012.
 The company last year bought a stake in New China Life Insurance Co.
 Lufthansa pursued a prosecution only after the man bought the second ticket with the intention of resuming his foraging raids.
 Investors who bought stock in the Brazilian sugar and ethanol producer for 15 reais in April 2013 also had a chance to purchase a put option that allowed them to recoup their money, plus interest, if the stock dropped.
 The 80 percent of investors who bought puts can now sell the shares back for 1657 reais, or more than double yesterday’s closing price.
 The shares will be bought back by a separate company created by Biosev controller Louis Dreyfus Commodities BV to manage the put option.
 Pfizer bought the rights to market an over-the-counter version of Nexium in 2012.
 The shares may have suffered as investors that bought the stock for jewelry exposure sold positions after the Harry Winston sale.
 Stockland bought 199 percent of the Australand and followed that with an all-share proposal equivalent to A$420 a share, which Australand rejected on April 23.
 The Aussie dollar bought 9449 US.
 The Fordgate bonds can be repaid after Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate Plc bought the majority of properties backing the deal last month.
 The company bought Nest, a home-automation service provider and one of its fundees, this year for $32 billion.
 In January, Google bought DeepMind Technologies Ltd, a London-based artificial intelligence developer.
 Nordic Plans A standalone HBO service in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark, which can be bought separately from cable-TV or Internet service, has generated 380,000 subscriptions, according to the people.
 bought 435 million shares in the French real estate company, according to a statement.
 Rorsted overcame a reluctance to meet sellers’ demand with the planned purchase of Spotless Group SAS, a Paris-based laundry aid, insect control and household-care company being bought for 940 million euros.
 Charney, ousted as the retailer’s chief executive officer last month, bought 274 million shares on June 27, boosting his stake in Los Angeles-based American Apparel to 746 million shares, according to regulatory filings.
 China Mobile has stopped ordering new machinery while it installs equipment it’s already bought, the company said yesterday.
 Sasol bought a stake in the firm in 1995 and acquired the rest of the company in 2002.
 “Investors who bought at the auction did well, and everyone else, who expected to buy at higher yields after hearing the Fed minutes, is being forced to chase the rally” Ten-year notes sold at the auction yielded 2597 percent.
 Other Wall Street-backed landlords are looking to the debt market for capital to purchase more houses and increase returns by adding leverage to the properties they bought with cash.
 Visitors Increase The Australian dollar bought 94 US.
 LaSalle bought the hotel, managed by Accor SA, for A$130 million in 2010.
 “Board members come and visit us -- that never used to happen” Building Business Barclays, which bought a controlling stake in what was Absa Group Ltd.
 The firm bought additional stock in January 2011, ultimately spending $364 million to purchase a total of 98 million shares at an average price of $3697 each, according to filings with the US.
 Barbara Strougo filed the lawsuit yesterday in Manhattan federal court, saying she bought at artificially inflated prices.
 Kilroy bought a site at 350 Mission St.
 Today’s deal is the largest takeover of a diversified chemicals company since Solvay SA bought Rhodia SA in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 In 2013, Itochu bought Dole Food Co’s Asian fruit and vegetable business and global canned foods unit for $13 billion after partnering with the US.
 He and his wife bought a 4,100-square-foot (380-square-meter) three-bedroom unit with panoramic views in early 2012.
 Our customers “bought online, they pay online, and they want to report their loss online,” Tricia Griffith, Progressive claims group president, said during an investor presentation in May.
 Starbucks said earlier that it has already bought all of the coffee it needs for this fiscal year and about 40 percent for 2015.
 Moody’s cut Nomura’s rating to Baa3, the lowest investment grade, in March 2012, when earnings were under pressure from costs that swelled after it bought Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s Asian and European operations.
 The company has considered strategic options including making an acquisition that would add growth product lines or buying back shares to assuage investors and avoid being bought by Valeant, the people said.
 He became brand manager at a division of Cencosud SA, Chile´s largest retail company by sales, bought a house and says he has no plans to return to Europe.
 AerCap, SMBC AerCap Holdings NV said it would buy 50 A321neos worth $514 billion, the first jet purchase since the world’s biggest independent aircraft lessor bought Hazy’s former company, International Lease Finance Corp, for $76 billion in May.
 The metal climbed 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Fed bought debt and cut borrowing costs to near zero percent.
 Led by Blitzer, the $56 billion arm has bought oil tankers and developed Brazilian shopping malls.
 It bought 53 million shares in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc, a manufacturer of scientific instruments and chemicals, directly or through its units, and 16 million shares in BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc, a developer of therapeutic enzyme products, according to a May 15 filing with the US.
 to add Internet browsers and an application store to its services for mobile devices and in May bought a 10 percent stake in Singapore Post Ltd.
 For five days, restaurant patrons from Shanghai to Tokyo have been reeling from revelations that hamburgers, chicken nuggets and other products they bought from some of the world’s best-known food chains -- including McDonald’s Corp.
 In Japan, FamilyMart pledged today to pay refunds to customers who bought chicken made by Shanghai Husi, the company said in a statement.
 About 12,500 of the cuts relate to integrating the unit it bought from Nokia Oyj in April.
 Abil bought Ellerines in 2008 for 92 billion rand ($859 million), a move intended to help the Johannesburg-based bank find clients and boost lending.
 The “turnarounds are impressive” at Pilgrims’ Pride and Seara, another of the several meat producers that JBS bought in recent years, they said.
 The state fund bought Blackstone Group LP’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex.
 The state fund bought 502 percent of communications technology provider Linx SA and increased its stake in Sao Paulo-based food processor BRF SA in March.
 Abil, as it’s known, bought Ellerine Holdings in 2008 for 92 billion rand ($858 million).
 Abil bought Saambou’s loan book in 2002 and boosted both profit and its share of South Africa’s unsecured lending market.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Barry Rosenstein’s Jana Partners LLC bought more than $4 billion worth of protection against declines in the equity market during the second quarter, taking advantage of relative calm to add cheap insurance.
 bought LSI Corp.
 “It’s fantastic for me to have this opportunity” Ballmer, 58, bought the Clippers for $2 billion -- about four times what anyone’s ever paid for an NBA team.
 Last year, Google bought mapping startup Waze Inc, paying about $11 billion.
 Most of the businesses Buffett has bought over the years are based in the US.
 Graham Transaction Berkshire turned over more than $1 billion in Graham stock in a deal structured to avoid incurring taxes on shares that had risen more than 100-fold since he bought the them in the 1970s.
 New Triathlons Since Providence Equity Partners, a Providence, Rhode Island-based private equity firm, bought WTC in 2008, the company has added 50 events around the world.
 3i bought a majority stake in Agent Provocateur in November 2007 in a deal that valued the company at about 60 million pounds.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 244 percent, the most since October 2011.
 Currency Peg Hong Kong’s de facto central bank bought $207 billion this week to stop the local currency from strengthening beyond its 31-year-old peg to the greenback.
 The company based in Niestetal, Germany, bought Phoenix Solar AG’s European O&M unit yesterday.
 Chinese tourist Zhu Liang bought it, only to regret afterward.
 Gathering Testimony The police first announced the investigation in March after seizing assets including 6 million reais in cash, three hotels and 25 luxury cars, including a Land Rover that Youssef bought for Costa, according to press releases from the police.
 The firm bought 147 million shares of Baker Hughes, boosting the value of its position to $3671 million as of June 30, according to a filing today with the US.
 Individual investors bought a net 451 billion yen ($44 billion) of Japanese equities in the week through Aug.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- GameStop Corp, the video-game chain that said this week its chief executive had surgery for brain cancer, surged after reporting profit that beat estimates as consumers bought new players and software.
 debt sales purchased 448 percent of the notes, the least since February, as investors in a category that includes pension funds and insurers bought the most since June.
 Bidder Participation Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors including pension funds and insurance companies that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 19 percent of the notes sold today.
 Investors who bought stock in the offering -- managed by Banco Espirito Santo’s investment-banking unit, Morgan Stanley and UBS AG -- relied on the offer document for details on the firm’s finances.
 “We will continue to identify and actively invest in prime retail assets across Europe” Axa Real Estate bought the stake in Cabot Circus on behalf of clients, according to the statement.
 In a Murabaha contract, goods are bought and then resold with a pre-agreed mark-up to allow lenders to cater for customers who want to lock in payments in the future.
 Stretching Payments Collins said she bought her car three weeks ago with financing of about C$30,000.
 The Rio-based company paid $12 billion in two installments, in 2006 and in 2012, for the unit that Transcor Astra Group SA had bought for $425 million in 2005.
 Taiwan stock valuations have become less attractive after rallies with technical indicators showing equities being overbought, Morgan Stanley analyst Jonathan Garner said in a report as he downgraded equities to equal-weight from over-weight.
 Recent losses for Chinese stock indexes come amid concern shares are overbought and after a private gauge of the services trade declined to a record low.
 He bought shares in the man’s company and tipped a co-worker as well.
 collapsed in 2002 and Abil bought Saambou’s loan book.
 events” IMG Sale IMG was bought last December by Silver Lake Management LLC and William Morris Endeavor Entertainment LLC to create an agency with talent cutting across both sports and entertainment, including actors Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as well as Serena Williams, Djokovic and Brazilian model Gisele Bundchen.
 In February, it bought SoftBank’s Commerce and Services division, a move Claure said would generate an additional $3 billion in sales.
 Claure bought Club Bolivar, Bolivia’s top soccer team, in 2008.
 Foreign investors that bought Canadian government debt through Deutsche Bank or Morgan Stanley may shift their business to domestic banks, and any dip in auction activity may be temporary, said Adrian Miller, director of fixed-income strategies at GMP Securities LLC.
 When Comcast bought NBC Universal, it had to agree to arbitration in pricing disputes because it had “cut the satellite-TV share in its home market by withholding professional baseball, basketball and hockey programming,” Shields and McLaughlin report, citing the FCC order.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Jana Partners LLC, the $10 billion hedge-fund firm run by Barry Rosenstein, bought shares of FMC Corp.
 Jana bought 499 million shares of chemicals maker FMC valued at $3555 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 bought American International Plaza, a 326,000 square-foot (30,286 square-meter) office building built in 1991 that is located in the Hato Rey financial district, the New York-based firm said in an e-mailed statement.
 “Last Friday’s drop in Hong Kong was a long-awaited correction because it was already seriously overbought.
 “I bought a pistol,” said Haque, 31, who said he took over the business after his brother was robbed of 500,000 rupees ($8,200) and shot to death in April by a customer and motorcycle-riding accomplices who had staked out his daily route to the nearest State Bank of India branch.
 Overseas money managers bought a net $2771 million of the country’s shares this year through yesterday, 53 percent more than the whole of 2013.
Earlier this week, Angela Pollock ditched Colgate Total toothpaste after using it for about 15 years and bought Crest Pro-Health instead.
 Earlier this month, Damac bought a 55 million square-foot (51 million square-meter) plot of land in the Dubailand project for $513 million, funded by the sale of a $650 million Islamic bond, or sukuk.
 Chinese refiners bought 40 cargoes of West African crude to load in September, equating to about 127 million barrels a day, according to a Bloomberg survey of nine traders.
 Companies in India bought 27 cargoes for this month, the most on record, the survey showed.
 single-family homes, bought two pools of delinquent loans and 146 bank-owned houses for $2187 million.
 in 2012 to secure a vast shale position and last year bought additional land from Talisman Energy Inc.
 Electrolux last announced a deal in 2011 when it bought Compania Tecno Industrial SA for about $690 million to become the largest supplier of appliances in Chile and Argentina.
 The company last year bought 144 percent of Brazilian iron-ore producer Ferrous Resources do Brasil.
 So now, you have these crossovers of all sizes from all brands” Never Again Angie Hurst bought a Ford Explorer last August.
 I’m a short person, so riding up high is a lot better, a lot more comforting for me” Russ LaBarbara, 67, said he bought a Mazda CX-5 in gray for about $27,000 in July.
 recently bought a Legacy rival, Dassault Aviation SA’s Falcon 2000EX.
 Williams, who bought the vehicle in November 2012, said his RAV4 EV has spent more than 30 days getting repairs and has needed replacements for the motor assembly, heater and power electric-power converter.
 China’s government excluded Apple products such as iPads and iPad Minis from the list of products that can be bought with public money because of security concerns, according to government officials familiar with the matter.
 NRG Energy Inc, the nation’s biggest independent producer, bought power plants from the bankrupt subsidiary of Edison International for $264 billion earlier this year.
 It stems from how mortgage securities issued by Countrywide and Merrill Lynch & Co, which Bank of America bought in 2009, were marketed to investors in the run-up to the financial crisis.
 Pfizer’s Focus Pfizer remains focused on prevention, spokesman Dean Mastrojohn said in an e-mail: “Our R&D focus in infectious diseases has shifted from treatment to prevention, and on applying our leading expertise in vaccine technology to this important area which we believe will enable us to have the most profound impact on patients’ lives” Theraclone announced July 30 that Gilead, the biggest maker of HIV drugs, had bought exclusive rights to develop products based on Theraclone’s neutralizing antibodies.
 “L’Avion was a great success; being bought by British Airways was good for our reputation.
 Asset Sales United Engineers, which bought Singapore-based builder WBL Corp.
 It also bought an operating interest in the Seligi field in Malaysia.
 The stock’s 14-day relative strength index fell to 51 from 72 yesterday, retreating from the 70 level that some analysts see as a signal a security is overbought.
 Yara bought the stake for an “enterprise value” of $318 million made up of $132 million for current business and $186 million for mining and production projects, the Oslo-based company said today in a statement.
 It bought Bunge Ltd’s operations in Brazil for $750 million in December 2012 and OFD Holding Inc.
 The Stockholm-based investment firm bought bandages-supplier BSN Medical in 2012 and also agreed to exit Swedish kidney-dialysis competitor Gambro AB that year.
 A level of 70 indicates to some analysts that securities are overbought and poised for a selloff.
 Stock Outflows Global funds sold $59 million more Philippine stocks than they bought this week and offloaded $436 million of Taiwanese equities, according to exchange data.
 During the battle for Alstom, Kaeser bought the gas turbine business of Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc, and he pledges more purchases.
 Birthday Calls He started ISI in 1991 after Germany’s Deutsche Bank AG bought the British investment bank that had purchased CJ Lawrence in the mid-1980s.
 Lowest Costs During the past five years, America has enjoyed some of the lowest financing costs in its history as the Fed held its benchmark rate close to zero and bought trillions of dollars in bonds to restore demand after the credit crisis.
 Some of the first ears on the Illinois farm that Solon’s great, great-grandfather bought in 1848 are already 95 inches, with some second ears around 8 inches.
 Rights, bought at auction from grid operators or traded between companies, entitle holders to the difference between congestion prices at two points of the traders’ choosing, known as the “source” and “sink” Growing Interest Interest has grown as the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act and the Volcker Rule strengthen federal oversight of exchange-traded commodity derivatives and restrict the type of trades that deposit-taking banks are allowed to make.
 Phaidon was founded in 1923 and bought by Black in 2012.
 Deal Making Roche bought 50 percent of Tokyo based Chugai in 2002 and boosted the holding to 599 percent in 2008.
 The Illinois group bought an option for a license in 2010, but failed to pay fees for an extension of that option, WTCA said in its pleadings.
 Lopez bought his first stake in Comcel in 1993 and increased his ownership to 45 percent after several share purchases.
 It also bought Dutch ventilation company Inatherm BV for 54 million euros plus additional payments of as much as 2 million euros.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Norges Bank Investment Management bought an office and retail complex opposite Paris’s Le Madeleine church for 4256 million euros ($570 million) from a fund managed by Blackrock Inc.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Baupost Group LLC, the Boston-based hedge-fund firm run by Seth Klarman, bought shares in EBay Inc.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Boralex Inc, the Montreal-based renewable power producer, bought the proposed 14-megawatt Calmont wind-power project in France from an undisclosed buyer for an undisclosed price.
 Ding Guixiang, who said she invested more than one million yuan in the Chaori bonds, said outside the meeting today that she had never anticipated any risks with the securities when she bought them.
 surged 10 percent after activist investor Orange Capital LLC bought a stake in the oil and gas explorer to seek board changes.
 Evraz, partially controlled by billionaire Roman Abramovich, bought 25 percent of Highveld from Anglo American Plc in 2006 and increased its stake to 79 percent the following year after buying out Anglo’s remaining shares and stock from Credit Suisse Group AG.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Qatari stocks closed at a record high as local institutional investors bought shares amid speculation a weighting increase by index provider MSCI Inc.
 A level of 70 or above indicates to some analysts that securities are overbought and poised for a selloff.
 The company bought the projects as part of a $37 billion purchase of Riversdale Mining Ltd.
 Morgan Stanley’s brokerage profit margin increased to 21 percent for the second quarter, the highest since the firm bought Smith Barney from Citigroup Inc.
 The pair raised more than $5 million from friends and family, bought a publicly traded shell company and spent two years looking to purchase a business to operate.
 The pair bought Hansen for $171 million and assumption of $12 million in debt.
 Overseas investors sold more local equities than they bought for a second day.
 The firm had been “hammered” by outflows from developing markets earlier in the year which had yet to fully recover, said Gilbert, who co-founded Aberdeen in 1983 and bought Scottish Widows Investment Partnership last year in a bid to diversify assets.
 Debt Purchases Gold surged 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Fed bought debt and held borrowing costs at an all-time low.
 Ballmer recently bought the Los Angeles Clippers for $2 billion and appeared in front of the team and fans this week, vowing to lift the team to “higher heights” and promising not to micromanage.
 Ballmer paid about four times what anyone’s ever paid for an NBA team when he bought the Clippers.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- ClubCorp Holdings Inc, the largest owner of private golf and country clubs in the US, bought Sequoia Golf for $265 million to add 50 properties and expand its geographic footprint.
 Cerberus bought 80 percent of the automaker in 2007.
 She reversed the bankruptcy court ruling that said Barclays wasn’t entitled to margin assets used to support a trading operation bought from Lehman.
 The Atlanta-based airline bought 23 MD-80 aircraft last year from Sweden’s SAS AB for this purpose and has selectively purchased others, said Michael Thomas, a spokesman.
 5 (Bloomberg) -- Pattern Energy Group LP, the closely held renewable energy developer associated with Pattern Energy Group Inc, bought a 200-megawatt wind farm in Texas that will sell power to Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 The central bank bought $925 million in Hong Kong and New York hours today, data posted on the Hong Kong Monetary Authority Bloomberg page show.
 The comparable figures at NYSE Euronext, the owner of the New York Stock Exchange that ICE bought in November 2013, were $106 billion and $796 million, respectively, in 2012.
 JDcom, an online retailer in which Tencent bought a 15 percent stake in March, reported that its loss widened to 5825 million yuan ($948 million) in the three months ended June from 283 million yuan a year earlier.
 The Italian company bought the majority stake for 840 million euros ($113 billion) and also pledged to finish construction of two additional reactors at the Mochovce nuclear plant.
 Terra Firma bought Awas from Morgan Stanley in 2006 for $25 billion and later merged it with Pegasus Aviation Finance Co, which it took over for $52 billion in 2007.
 A group led by Sumitomo Mitsui’s banking arm bought Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s aircraft leasing unit for $73 billion in 2012 and renamed it to SMBC Aviation Capital.
 VI Holding last year bought 50 percent of Ruschrome Mining, which holds the license for Darwendale, Kommersant newspaper reported in June.
 That’s more than double the 165 reais for fixed contracts bought in January.
 Cable billionaire John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc, which last month bought 64 percent of ITV from Rupert Murdoch’s BSkyB, could acquire ITV with a partner or take a larger stake in the company to block rival bids, Goldman analysts said in a note.
 Galaxy will also begin hiring for the Grand Waldo casino complex which it bought last year for HK$325 billion and is renovating, he said, without specifying how many workers.
 “The market had been bought amid thin trading for four days straight,” said Juichi Wako, a Tokyo-based equity strategist at Nomura Holdings Inc, the nation’s largest brokerage.
 The agency said in its original lawsuit that the two mortgage-finance firms bought $111 billion from Goldman Sachs.
 The housing-finance companies bought about $57 billion of bonds from Bank of America and its predecessor firms.
 Current Introduced Gore and partners that included Hyatt, founder of Hyatt Legal Services, Los Angeles billionaire Ron Burkle and money manager Richard Blum bought Current’s predecessor company for $70 million in 2004.
 Freddie Mac and rival Fannie Mae have been stuck with a bevy of soured mortgages, bought out of bonds they guaranteed, after a surge in defaults amid the US.
 John Paulson, the billionaire investor who bought shares in Alpha Bank SA in 2013, boosted his holdings of the nation’s lenders in the first three months of the year and still holds the positions, according to the firm’s second-quarter letter.
 The Treasury last bought back bonds in April 2002.
 ValueAct bought about 30 million shares, mostly the Class B voting stock, after news leaked of Fox’s bid for Time Warner Inc.
 Isaacs was the former chief executive officer of SHFL Entertainment Inc, bought by Bally last year for $13 billion, and before that worked as chief operating officer at Bally.
 Peregrine, which provides technology that allows radio frequency and other digital functions on a single computer chip, agreed to be bought for $1250 a share, a total value of $471 million including Murata’s existing stake, according to a statement by the companies.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Paulson & Co, the $228 billion hedge-fund firm run by John Paulson, bought a stake in Allergan Inc.
 The state investor bought Blackstone Group LP’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex.
 In the last 15 years, Buffett has bought electric utilities, natural-gas pipelines and the railroad, which routinely require billions of dollars in spending to maintain and upgrade equipment.
 Last quarter, the funds bought 63 percent of loans, according to the Loan Syndications and Trading Association, which cited Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary and Data.
 That means there potentially a big risk to margin compression because of that” Alibaba bought AutoNavi Holdings Ltd, an online mapping service provider, for $15 billion with a 27 percent premium over its market value before the offer was first disclosed in February.
 Some of that may be satisfied as borrowers get mortgage help from firms that bought their loans or servicing rights from the bank, according to terms on the Justice Department’s website.
 Their C$141 billion ($129 billion) retirement fund bought about 44 million of the then-privately held company’s shares in November 2012 for $175 million, according to a May filing with the US.
 Koch has bought at least 25 companies since taking the helm in 2011.
 Mining companies in Australia have long been associated with farming and have often bought properties outright to ease access for exploration and mining access.
 We would expect significant over-subscription” The lender bought most of Wing Hang last month in a $5 billion takeover that allows it to delist the Hong Kong bank and combine operations.
 Vodafone bought the shares from Intracom Group and World Equities Investments Holdings SA.
 Billionaire’s Buffalo Driving in his Land Rover game viewer, Oberem said he bought the ranch as a money-losing corn farm with few animals 20 years ago.
 Christ Church claims JPMorgan made more money on some of the financial products it bought for the church, even as the trusts bore all of the risk.
 Construdecor Stake Last year, Santiago, Chile-based SACI Falabella bought a majority stake in Brazilian home-improvement chain Construdecor SA, which runs stores under the Dicico brand, for 388 million reais ($171 million).
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Global Management LLC, the investment firm run by Chase Coleman, bought new stakes in Netflix Inc.
 An IPO would mark a quick turnaround for Axalta, which Carlyle bought in February 2013 for $49 billion.
 Myriad bought 17,200 Herbalife shares, boosting its total holdings by 36 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg from quarterly 13F filings with the US.
 Micron, which bought the bankrupt Japanese rival Elpida Memory Inc.
 The fund bought shares in Chinese search-engine company Baidu Inc.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- New York’s real estate world is filled with tales of ordinary people who bought property decades ago and saw values skyrocket to the millions.
 “Everybody seems to have that anecdotal story -- my aunt and uncle bought an apartment in Chelsea in the late ’70s and made a lot of money.
 Two years later, Weissman Equities was part of a team that bought about 75 percent of the commercial space in the Pines section of Fire Island.
 Jana Partners LLC, the $10 billion hedge-fund firm run by activist investor Barry Rosenstein, also bought shares in FMC, a chemicals maker, during the second quarter.
 iPads and MacBook laptops from a list of products that can be bought with public money because of security concerns, according to government officials familiar with the matter.
 Andreas Halvorsen, bought a stake in Netflix Inc.
 Viking bought 13 million shares of Netflix valued at $5804 million as of June 30, according to a filing today with the US.
 On Radar Ferguson bought the Paddy Power data in December 2013 through an online message board from a contact based in Malta whose profile was titled “Gambling,” he said.
 “I bought lots of data for marketing but I did not hack anything,” Ferguson said in the interview.
 Terra Firma bought Awas from Morgan Stanley in 2006 for $25 billion and later merged it with Pegasus Aviation Finance Co, which it took over for $52 billion in 2007.
 The de facto central bank bought $925 million in Hong Kong and New York hours yesterday, data posted on the Hong Kong Monetary Authority Bloomberg page show.
 Worldwide sales of games for consoles are forecast to grow 7 percent to $27 billion this year, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, fueled by demand from consumers who’ve bought the new PlayStation 4 from Sony Corp.
 EA has sort of a mixed track record” Kotick, Activision’s CEO for two decades, is part of a group, with Chairman Brian Kelly, that bought 24 percent of the company when Vivendi SA gave up its controlling stake.
 The Sensex has gone 351 calendar days without a 10 percent retreat, three times longer than average during the past decade, as foreign investors bought a net $20 billion of shares.
 “For investors who have not bought enough equities in the last three to four months, any correction will be a good buying opportunity,” Naganath said.
 A software entrepreneur from China, Wang bought a share of the Islanders in 2000 and assumed principal ownership in 2004.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- United Internet AG, an online-access and domain provider, bought a 107 percent stake in Rocket Internet AG for 435 million euros ($582 million).
 in September after New York-based MDC Partners Inc, run by fellow Canadian Miles Nadal, bought a majority stake in Kingsdale in February for an undisclosed sum.
 “It is relatively high-growth and it is relatively stable” Myer, which last year proposed merging with David Jones before the chain was bought by Cape Town-based Woolworths, may itself be targeted by an international retailer, Credit Suisse analysts led by Hasan Tevfik in Sydney said in a report last month.
 A potential buyer for the A$73 billion Coca-Cola Amatil may be SABMiller Plc after it bought Australian brewer Foster’s Group Ltd.
 bought Arcelor SA in 2006 in the steel industry’s biggest takeover.
 In 2008, Wendy’s and Arby’s merged after Triarc Cos, owner of the Arby’s brand, bought Wendy’s International Inc.
 This is accomplished by giving interest-free loans and through Murabaha contracts, in which goods are bought and later resold at a pre-agreed mark-up, Sherif Zohdy, head of brokerage at Al Safwa Financial Services, said by phone from Sharjah Aug.
 Temasek, directly or through its units, bought 602,139 American depositary receipts of China’s second-largest e-commerce site JDcom Inc.
 In September 2009, just before GM and the creditors bought Delphi, the IRS surprised them by issuing a notice interpreting a five-year-old law meant to prevent companies from shifting their legal addresses offshore.
 Even as India has bought more weapons from abroad, major deals have stalled.
 phone-company BT Group Plc bought longevity insurance from Prudential, according to a statement last month.
 “Markets have been on a very strong upward trajectory for the whole of the year, and were very overbought,” Mackenzie said.
 In July, Liberty Global bought a stake in ITV Plc, the UK’s biggest commercial broadcaster with top-rated shows such as “Downton Abbey” The 64 percent investment was purchased from Rupert Murdoch’s British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc for 481 million pounds ($811 million), with Liberty Global saying it doesn’t plan to make a full takeover bid for now.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- Hanergy Holding Group Ltd, a Chinese maker of thin-film solar panels, bought Alta Devices of the US.
 It bought Global Solar Energy Inc, Miasole Inc.
 Stratasys bought startup MakerBot Industries LLC for about $400 million last year, prompting speculation that makers of 3-D printers, which layer materials to create objects, may be takeover targets.
 Denizli Output Denizli, in which CRH bought a 50 percent stake from Eren Holding in 2007, produces about 3 percent of Turkey’s and 31 percent of western Turkey’s total clinker output, according to its website.
 Borrowing options expanded last year to sales of a new type of securities bought by investors including US.
 The company said the integration of GSW, the German competitor it bought this year, is proceeding more quickly than planned and will generate savings of more than 10 million euros this year.
 Indirect bidders, an investor class that includes foreign central banks, bought 47 percent of the notes, compared with an average of 445 percent for the past 10 sales.
 Abil bought Saambou’s loan book in 2002 and boosted both profit and its share of South Africa’s unsecured lending market.
 Wachovia was bought in 2008 by Wells Fargo & Co, and the next year Brice left for Credit Suisse, according to his Financial Industry Regulatory Authority record.
 SoftBank Purchase Claure is joining Sprint less than a year after SoftBank bought a 57 percent stake in Brightstar as part of the Japanese carrier’s push for international expansion.
 Claure bought Club Bolivar, Bolivia’s top soccer team, in 2008.
 “Foreign brokerages reaped the benefits of Abenomics last year, thanks to overseas hedge funds that aggressively bought Japan stocks,” said Katsunobu Komizo, president of Tokyo-based Executive Search Partners Co, Japan’s biggest banking recruitment firm.
 Accident Probe In 2003, Edwards bought stock sold by Imperial to fund exploration at the Mount Polley site.
 It had to write down billions of euros on assets in Spain, Italy and France bought from an Acciona SA-led group for more than 11 billion euros in 2007.
 ESPN bought the organization in 2001, selling it nine years later to an investor group led by Don Logan, former chairman of Time Warner Inc’s media and communications group, and an Alabama native.
 bought $100 million of default protection on an MBIA Inc.
 Omega, based in New York, bought 109 million shares of SeaWorld in the second quarter with a market value of $308 million as of June 30, according to a filing today with the US.
 The New York-based firm bought SeaWorld from Anheuser-Bush Cos.
 While not as many companies have bought into the patent funds as expected, the company is happy with its returns, he said.
 The Kospi index advanced as overseas investors bought more local equities than they sold for the first time in four days, exchange data show.
 Snow Capital’s Schachter said he hopes the company opts to be bought out instead of trying to outsource its back-office operations -- an option Health Net has been considering.
 CPPIB, Canada’s largest pension fund manager, bought Wilton Re for $18 billion in June.
 “We believe that she can win many more Grand Slams and IMG can help build her brand globally” IMG was bought last December by Silver Lake Management LLC and William Morris Endeavor Entertainment LLC to create an agency with top talent cutting across both sports and entertainment.
 Foreigners were net buyers of three-year debt futures after selling 11,303 more contracts than they bought yesterday, the most since April 3.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Basilea Pharmaceutica, an antibiotic producer with a market value exceeding $11 billion, is open to being bought by a US.
 The company’s shares haven’t yet recovered to the levels of April 2007, when Vekselberg’s investment company bought a stake.
 company is in the midst of the biggest investment program in its history after London-based investment firm Investindustrial bought a 375 percent stake in December 2012.
 and Adeem Investment Co, which bought the UK.
 Blackstone bought GSO, a credit manager run by Bennett Goodman, in 2008.
 stock picker Bill Miller and Michael Novogratz at private-equity firm Fortress Investment Group LLC have both said they’ve bought the virtual currency.
 Alfaro Escobar and her husband, Oswaldo Menjivar, a carpenter, continue to pay the first mortgage on the home they bought for $385,000 in 2002 with a $308,000 first mortgage from America’s Wholesale Lender, which was later acquired by Bank of America.
 Abil, as it’s known, bought Ellerine Holdings in 2008 for 92 billion rand ($858 million).
 Abil bought Saambou’s loan book in 2002 and boosted both profit and its share of South Africa’s unsecured lending market.
 “Well, there seems to be a hell of a lot of cranes in the air all over the place, and when that supply comes on and how it starts to impact pricing remains to be seen” Annaly, the largest REIT focused on debt with $87 billion of assets as of June 30, last year bought CreXus Investment Corp, a commercial mortgage REIT it had managed.
 Such investors bought most of Puerto Rico’s $35 billion general-obligation sale in March, the biggest speculative-grade muni sale ever.
 The London-based insurer bought reinsurance from Berkshire and struck deals to sell units in China, Canada and Eastern Europe.
 and bought a new stake in Time Inc.
 Eurazeo bought Apcoa for 885 million euros in 2007 in a deal backed by 660 million of loans.
 The company bought 633 million shares through June this year, compared with a total of 867 million in all of 2013, Vladimir Isaev, a Yandex spokesman, said by e-mail.
 The rights to the 600-megawatt wind farm, which is at the initial development phase, will be bought through its Tractebel Energias Complementares unit, the parent company said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 The project was bought from renewable energy developer Natural Energia, Tractebel said.
 Maurizio Billi, the majority shareholder of Eurofarma, bought Argentine lab Quesada in 2009, and has since made acquisitions that took his company to Uruguay, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Peru and Central America.
 Sydney-based Stockland, which bought 199 percent of Australand on CapitaLand’s exit, followed that with an all-share bid, which Australand rejected in April.
 “It’s not like it’s a small company where the only people it would make sense for it to be bought by are people that already have the presence there and can buy and cut out the sales force,” Krempa said in a phone interview.
 were barred, the city could revise the lawsuit to focus on Chase’s lending practices during and after JPMorgan bought WaMu in 2008.
 In February, Coca-Cola bought a 10 percent stake in Keurig for about $125 billion.
 “Earlier, people bought HDBs at cheap prices and with the profit on the sale they made the down payments to upgrade to a private condo,” said Denka Wee, head of business services at property broker Dennis Wee Realty.
 Along with Napa-based wine investment firm Silverado Partners, it bought the Beringer business from the Swiss consumer goods company for $350 million in 1996.
 Soros Fund Soros Fund Management LLC decreased its stake in Barrick Gold Corp, the largest producer, in the second quarter and bought more shares in the Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF, according to a filing.
 Singer Outlook Bullion jumped 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Fed bought debt and held interest rates at an all-time low.
 Rally Points An investor who bought the S&P 500 on Feb.
 * Software exporter Infosys +18% as ex-directors seek $18b buyback to lift valuation * BSE 100 gainers: Godrej Consumer +45%, Adani Ent +32%, Nestle India +16%; Shriram Transport Finance +12% * BSE 100 losers: IDBI Bank -69% as 1Q net missed est; Jaiprakash Associates -35%; HDIL -33% * Index movers: IT +07%, Communications Technology +01%, Capital Goods -01%; Bankex -18%, Realty -12% * BSE 500 movers: JBCP +153%, INOL +73%, INFOE +66%, NSE +54%, WHIRL +5%; BHUS -20%, CMEXP -10%, SAPH -94%, INL -86%, APTY -74% * Foreigners bought net $70m of local shrs Aug.
 United Engineers, which bought Singapore-based builder WBL Corp.
 BP bought 25,000 Fitbit devices for North American employees, including those at refineries and drilling rigs.
 Tencent Holdings Ltd, which bought a stake in JDcom in March, is giving users of its instant messaging applications easier access to the e-commerce partner and generating traffic.
 Albertini said Benefit bought 120 rolls of her “Southern Flowers” wallpaper and had the pattern copied by a manufacturer.
 International investors have bought a net $2152 million of Vietnamese shares this year, heading for a ninth year of net purchases, as the economy stabilizes and inflation eases.
 “Market fundamentals remain sound, which, coupled with a continued economic recovery, should prove positive for further growth in the packaging businesses” Mondi bought the US.
 The Indian gauge has risen 21 percent this year as overseas funds bought a net $117 billion of local shares, the most in Asia, on speculation that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will spur economic growth from a decade low.
 Foreign investors bought $70 million of local stocks on Aug.
 “Banco do Brasil is negotiating as well with the asset managers and investors who bought some of our local bank bonds to adapt those to the Basel III rules,” Monteiro said.
 He said that while attending Bentley University in Waltham, Massachusetts, he started a company that bought and sold frequent-flier miles, giving him a “pretty good lifestyle” for a college student.
 Claure has had more sporting success back in Bolivia, where he bought Bolivar in 2008.
 The risks of a deal spree that expanded Alibaba’s reach into areas ranging from pharmaceutical data to department stores were highlighted today, when a film producer it bought control of in June said it uncovered possible accounting flaws and won’t be able to publish its interim results on time.
 “We are observing an enormous amount of appetite for real estate assets in Spain and other European countries,” said Ismael Clemente, chief executive officer of Madrid-based real estate investment trust Merlin Properties SA, which yesterday announced it bought the Marineda City mall in La Coruna, Spain, for 260 million euros.
 Land Securities Group Plc, the UK’s largest REIT, bought a 30 percent stake in the Bluewater Shopping Centre, one of the best malls in the UK, from Lend Lease for 656 million pounds in June for a yield of 41 percent.
 yield of real estate is actually lower than the yield on corporate bonds” Investment in Italian real estate reached 18 billion euros and transaction volumes jumped almost 40 percent in the first half as investors such as Blackstone Group LP, Orion Capital Managers LP, and the Qatar Investment Authority bought malls, warehouses and office buildings, according to broker Cushman & Wakefield Inc.
 In Ferguson, investors who bought foreclosed homes are renting them to poorer people than the homeowners -- both black and white -- whom they’re displacing.
 It marks the bureau’s first enforcement attempt against debt-collection law firms, which make money by suing debtors in court, often on behalf of firms that bought the debts from banks for pennies on the dollar.
 Wanda, which in 2012 bought US.
 Genel yesterday said it bought 155,000 ordinary shares for 7502887 pence each from JPMorgan Securities.
 bought the company for $645 billion in 1999 from Gothenburg-based Volvo AB, which had decided to focus on manufacturing trucks and construction equipment, and the two Swedish vehicle producers no longer have equity ties.
 last month sold about $500 million of bad loans to Lone Star Funds, while Oak Hill Advisors LP bought $659 million of delinquent debt from Freddie Mac, said two other people, who asked not to be named because the transactions are private.
 Higher prices are deterring some investors who bought delinquent loans earlier this year.
 Excelsior newspaper reported last year that Fintech Advisory Inc, the investment firm founded by David Martinez, had bought Cablecom.
 In 2013, they bought HJ Heinz Co.
 Production lines shifted into higher gear as Americans replaced aging autos and bought furniture and appliances.
 Usage in China dropped 19 percent in the first half as investors bought fewer bars and coins.
 Gold is bought during festivals in India and for weddings as part of the bridal trousseau.
 “In the aftermath of the financial crisis when credit spreads increased immensely we bought as much we could get our hands on,” according to the executive.
 chain, a year ago bought the 50 percent of closely held Commune Hotels that he didn’t already own for an undisclosed amount.
 Steven Pasquale, a 37-year-old actor who starred in the Broadway musical “The Bridges of Madison County,” recently bought a two-bedroom condo in a new development a few blocks north of 125th Street.
 (TNK-BP was bought last year by Rosneft).
 Asian investors including Temasek Holdings Pte have bought stakes in European companies in advance of their IPOs, which raised about $58 billion in the first half, the most since 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The exchange operator, which has trailed rivals such as Deutsche Boerse AG in providing derivatives to investors, bought the 50 percent of FTSE International that it didn’t already own in December 2011.
 Hertz’s woes contrast with Avis Budget Group Inc, which has benefited from the consolidation that Hertz created when it bought Dollar Thrifty.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- NRG Yield Inc, a company created to hold mostly renewable-energy assets by NRG Energy Inc, bought North America’s largest wind farm from Terra-Gen Power LLC.
 bought eight Lycos patents, including the two at issue in the trial, for $32 million in June 2011 and sued Google and its customers three months later.
 It’s since bought other patents, including those from Nokia Oyj being used in litigation against companies including Chinese phone-equipment maker ZTE Corp.
 Overseas purchasers bought 102 percent of new properties in the quarter ended June 30, falling from a record 139 percent over the first three months of the year, according to surveys of real estate professionals by National Australia Bank Ltd.
 Apple’s exclusion from the list of products that can be bought with public money comes after China said in May it would vet technology companies operating in the country for potential national-security breaches.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Vitro SAB said Chairman Adrian Sada Gonzalez and his son, Chief Executive Officer Adrian Sada Cueva, bought a 99 percent stake as Mexico’s largest glassmaker weighs the sale of its biggest unit by revenue.
 The fund got a boost from a 276 percent jump this year in core holding Amaya Gaming Group Inc, which bought online gambling company PokerStars in June.
 ValueAct, the fund run by Jeffrey Ubben, bought 92 million shares for a 168 percent stake, according to a regulatory filing today, and may seek talks with management, directors and shareholders.
 It bought 93 percent of the shares in the quarter.
 Sprint, T-Mobile Azentus also bought shares in Sprint and T-Mobile US Inc, the third- and fourth-largest US.
 Azentus also bought $12 million worth of American depositary receipts of VimpelCom Ltd.
 Taking Profits Tybourne Capital Management (HK) Ltd, led by former Lone Pine Capital LLC Asia head Eashwar Krishnan, bought shares in Amazoncom Inc, online restaurant and local business review services provider Yelp Inc.
 That means Overland Park, Kansas-based Sprint, which SoftBank bought for $22 billion last year, has to find another way to win users and compete with Verizon Communications Inc.
 SoftBank bought a controlling stake in Brightstar last year.
 Fiat bought full control of Chrysler in January.
 Siemens Financial Services, which has grown from leasing Siemens’s trains and medical scanners to investing more heavily in infrastructure and energy projects, is now promoting the energy assets that Siemens bought for $13 billion from Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc in May.
 ‘Commercial Dispute’ Earlier this week, Al Jazeera officials rejected Gore’s claims that they engaged in fraud in their handling of the escrowed funds and said the case involved an “ordinary commercial dispute” Gore, 66, and his partners -- including Hyatt, founder of Hyatt Legal Services, Los Angeles billionaire Ron Burkle and money manager Richard Blum -- bought Current’s predecessor company for $70 million in 2004.
 The shares had risen more than 100-fold since he bought the stake in the 1970s.
 Most of the businesses Buffett has bought over the years are based in the US.
 Last year, the energy unit bought Nevada’s largest electric utility for $56 billion and Buffett teamed up with buyout firm 3G Capital to take HJ Heinz Co.
 The hedge-fund company didn’t disclose at what price it bought the initial 153 million shares.
 Black’s Phaidon Phaidon, which was founded in 1923 and bought by Black in 2012, publishes books on art, design and food, with prices ranging from less than $5 for a Phaidon book on sale to $750 for a two-tome second volume of the Andy Warhol Catalogue Raisonne.
 Ten weeks earlier, the private equity firm had bought 18 billion euros ($24 billion) of loans to O’Flynn’s companies and the developer personally.
 ‘Appropriate’ Actions After the court defeat, Carbon Finance, the Blackstone-owned company that bought O’Flynn’s loans for more than 1 billion euros, said in a statement its actions were “appropriate and necessary” The company declined to comment beyond the statement while officials at Blackstone in London declined to comment.
 Blackstone owns the Burlington Hotel, a landmark, 501-bedroom hotel in the south of Dublin, and this year bought three office buildings in the capital from NAMA.
 Foreigners yesterday bought a net $52 million of shares as the index fell 45 percent.
 “Blu is still the number one in the market and it’s a brand that we will seek to internationalize” Cooper, who joined in 1999 as finance manager and becameCEO in 2010, has some experience building acquired brands afterImperial bought Altadis in 2008, adding Gauloises cigarettes andCohiba cigars.
 He foundedSkycig, bought by Lorillard, and intends to quadruple revenue toabout 100 million pounds ($167 million) by the end of 2015.
 13 in 2012-2013 season after it bought a terminal in Azov and more than doubled shipments.
 He bought control of the port in 2011.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- Perry Capital, the $109 billion hedge-fund firm run by Richard Perry, bought stakes in Ally Financial Inc.
 It bought 8438 US.
 Capital Expenditure America Movil agreed to support a 1 billion-euro capital increase in Telekom Austria after the Austrian company’s debt surged last year as it bought half of the spectrum offered in the country’s biggest ever airwave auction.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- GameStop Corp, the video-game chain that said this week its chief executive had surgery for brain cancer, surged the most in a year after reporting profit that beat estimates as consumers bought new players and software.
 “Tavrin and I will each buy a 3 percent stake, another 2 percent will be bought by other directors, and the remaining 2 percent will be kept for future distribution among managers,” Streshinsky said in a telephone interview.
 Usmanov’s first investment in the metals and mining industry was a stake in the Oskol Elektrometallurgical Plant, known as OEMK, bought in the late 1990s.
 “I don’t believe many retail investors have bought CoCos as the minimum denominations are too high,” said Robert Montague, a senior credit analyst at ECM Asset Management Ltd.
 A software entrepreneur from China, Wang bought a share of the Islanders in 2000 and assumed principal ownership in 2004.
 The Australian dollar bought 9335 US.
 KPS bought Waupaca Foundry in 2012, boosting profit by 40 percent in two years, according to a separate statement from KPS.
 The planned purchase is the biggest among health-care REITs since Ventas bought Nationwide Health Properties Inc.
 bought Conoco’s Trainer plant and on July 21 signed a contract for 65,000 barrels a day, more than a third of the plant’s capacity, that will initially arrive by rail.
 Global Expansion Global bought a majority interest in two Bakken terminals after that first delivery to the East Coast, expanded its complex in Albany so it could send barges of oil down the coast, and secured a five-year contract to supply Phillips 66’s 238,000-barrel-a-day Bayway refinery in New Jersey in 2013.
 The company bought the complex in Clatskanie, near Portland, the same year.
 Workers bought Apple’s iPhones in droves and forced information-technology departments to take note.
 already has bought more than 4,000 iPads as it moved to replace paper-based documents last year with the sleek digital devices, according to Josh Kendrick, managing director of flight technical.
 Microsoft bought Nokia’s handset business in April and has told the agency it agreed to assume all of Nokia’s liabilities and have “sole control over the defense, including sole authority to resolve this action” Even so, Nokia remains in the case.
 Dairy prices have slumped this year as China, Fonterra’s biggest customer, bought less in fortnightly auctions after earlier building up its milk-powder stocks.
 It bought 8074 cents at 1:35 pm.
 Consumer Prices The Sensex has increased 27 percent this year, the best performer among the world’s 10 biggest markets, as foreigners bought $141 billion of shares, the most among the eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Shire, which agreed in July to be bought by AbbVie Inc, dropped 25 percent to 5,100 pence.
 Sistema bought a controlling stake in Bashneft, the nation’s sixth-biggest oil producer, in 2009.
 Foreigners bought a net $25 million of Indian stocks on Sept.
 EBay last year acquired mobile-payment service Braintree for $800 million, and dozens of otherstartups have been bought by the likes of Google and Intuit IncStripe’s growth will also depend partly on whether Apple Pay andTwitter’s commerce efforts take off.
 Szymik then told his friend Peixoto about Ackman’s upcoming presentation, and Peixoto, who was a research analyst at Deloitte, bought Herbalife put options, according to the SEC.
 The strikes at Europe’s two biggest airlines threaten to undermine efforts by management to bring costs in line with discount competitors including Ryanair Holdings Plc, which has just bought new aircraft that will help cut fares even more.
 Since KKR bought it, First Data’s market share at US.
 and Braintree, the electronic-payment system bought by EBay Inc.
 Global investors bought a net $796 million of stocks on Sept.
 Law firm Borden Ladner Gervais LLP is among tenants defecting from the REIT’s pink-tinged glass Scotia Plaza, bought for a record C$13 billion in 2012, to the new buildings opening in the area.
 Private-equity firms Blackstone Group LP and PAI Partners SAS, which bought United Biscuits in 2006 for more than 16 billion pounds, are working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Networks will continue to provide mobile services to customers who bought contracts through the chain.
 Since heading the fund in 2008, Slyngstad has bought stock for 16 million kroner ($252,000) and sold shares for about 100,000 kroner.
 Last Purchases Slyngstad hasn’t bought shares since 2010 and only sold in 2012.
 (2882), thelargest in the industry with NT$43 trillion of assets, hasbought very few of the foreign-currency notes as they offerrates lower than similar securities overseas, executive vicepresident Joseph Wang said at an Aug.
 All of the dollar debt sold in Taiwan since May’s rulechange has been bought by the insurance industry, according toMark Liu, Taipei-based head of global markets at SocieteGenerale.
 It also bought SET Media Inc, a video technology company, to help strengthen its position in the digital-video advertising market.
 “You have five weeks of S&P growth, we may be in the overbought territory,” Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Milwaukee-based RW Baird & Co, which oversees $110 billion, said in a phone interview.
 Half the firm’s revenue is now gleaned from performing loans bought at a discount from banks and other financial firms.
 “We have very, very few complaints compared to our competitors” National Bank bought a majority stake in Credigy for C$591 million in 2006.
 That year, Credigy bought debt assets in Brazil and entered Puerto Rico’s consumer market.
 “National Bank bought an opportunity and they’ve been gradually getting more comfortable with it,” Robert Sedran, a bank analyst with CIBC World Markets, said in an interview.
 The strikes at Europe’s two biggest airlines threaten to undermine efforts by management to bring costs in line with discount competitors including Ryanair Holdings Plc, which has just bought new aircraft that it says will help cut fares even more.
 and Deutsche Bank AG, agreed to pay a total of almost $8 billion last year to settle claims they made misrepresentations about mortgages underlying securities bought by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the run-up to the crisis.
 The housing-finance companies bought about $57 billion of bonds from Bank of America and its predecessor firms.
 This company has no relationship to this story besides the majority shareholder” Raiffeisen bought MTS shares today, he said.
 Sibanye Gold bought the Cooke mines in August last year from Gold One International Ltd.
 Hewlett-Packard’s earnings would fall by more than 20 percent next year if it bought EMC in an all-stock transaction that paid a 20 percent premium, or about $35 a share, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
When retirees bought shares (PCI) of Pacific Investment Management Co’s $3 billion closed-end credit fund last year, they may not have realized their returns would be dictated by the personal trading of Bill Gross.
 Saba bought $83 million worth of shares in the period ended June 30, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “I originally wanted to rent, but interest rates are so low, housing prices are down and rents are creeping up, so I thought it was a good time to buy,” said Varga, who in March bought a new two-bedroom apartment on the outskirts of Budapest with a 13 million forint ($54,000) 20-year mortgage.
 In the Tovaros condominium on the western outskirts of Budapest, where software developer Varga bought his apartment, 76 homes are still for sale out of 113 spread across eight, four-story buildings built in 2010.
 Earlier this month, Norges Bank Investment Management bought a 499 percent stake in San Francisco’s Orrick Building for $1397 million through its alliance with the money manager.
 Warehouse Acquisitions In January, Norges Bank Investment Management bought stakes in 66 US.
 In July, it bought a stake in One Beacon St, a Boston office property, through a venture with MetLife Inc, the largest US.
 It started in 2002, in the labs of Netherlands-based Crucell, which J&J bought in 2010.
 Fieldwood Energy LLC, an explorer backed by the private equity firm Riverstone Holdings LLC, bought Apache Corp’s shallow-water assets last year for $375 billion in cash.
 Francois Lavier, a portfolio manager at Lazard FreresGestion in Paris, said he bought Nordea’s contingent notes “viathe primary market and even went into the secondary markets toreinforce our exposure as demand was quite high” The bonds have grown in popularity since the financialcrisis spurred regulators to demand that banks hold biggerbuffers.
 after Osisko agreed to be bought by two other companies.
 Enel bought the stake for 839 million euros, taking control in 2006, and it pledged to invest another 19 billion euros in the company.
 CLOs, which buy loans and slice them into securities ofvarying risk and return, bought 63 percent of the new debt lastquarter, according to the Loan Syndications and TradingAssociation, which cited Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ LeveragedCommentary and Data.
 The Sensex has rallied 26 percent this year as foreigners bought $142 billion of Indian shares, the most in Asia, amid prospects for faster growth after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s landslide election victory in May.
 TPG Capital, the buyout firm co-founded by David Bonderman, invested about $100 million in VTB Group in 2011 and bought into hypermarket chain Lenta Ltd, which held an initial public offering in February.
 Sumitomo Mitsui, which bought Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s aviation division in 2012 for $73 billion, has boosted overseas loans by 23 percent in dollar terms to $175 billion as of June from before Abe’s term began, while Mizuho has increased that number by about 20 percent to $1615 billion, reports by the companies show.
 Gulf War Microsoft, the world’s largest software maker, paid VirnetX $200 million in 2010, a year before it bought Skype.
 Clairsville, Ohio-based company bought coal assets including five West Virginian mines from Consol Energy Inc.
 In 1958, Kunin bought his parents’ small group ofdepartment store-based salons, which began as a barber shop byhis Russian immigrant father, and changed the name to Regis.
 One rabbi, writing online, related a story of how a young Schron found a box of diamonds in a house he bought for his family and returned it to the seller even though legally he had a right to keep the gems, which were worth about $40,000.
 Actavis picked up Namenda when it bought Forest Laboratories Inc, a $28 billion acquisition that closed in July.
 In 2004, he bought the house two doors away at 1042 W.
 An investor bought 1042 W.
 “I should’ve bought more,” Ghorishy said.
 The underwriters bought an additional 48 million American depositary shares from the company at the IPO price of $68 each, according to a statement from Alibaba today.
 Seeking to provide the greener pastures sought by many in New York’s Hasidic community, developer Shalom Lamm has essentially bought the better part of a small town in the Catskills, Bloomingburg, where he has already started his project to build almost 400 townhouses for the ultra-orthodox Jews.
 Perella bought the site for about 150 million euros ($190 million) from German real estate investor Anno August Jagdfeld, according to a person with knowledge of the deal who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 “I am often asked these days if palm plantation and processing company equities should be bought: my answer is a resounding yes,” Mistry said yesterday, without identifying stocks.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Travelport Worldwide Ltd, the travel-booking platform bought by Blackstone Group LP eight years ago, climbed in its trading debut after raising $480 million in an initial public offering.
 Mapfre’s Plans The deal is second-largest international acquisition Mapfre has done since it bought US.
 insurer Friends Provident Group Plc between 2005 and 2009 which was bought by Clive Cowdery’s Resolution Ltd.
 9 it’s selling its Kensington Group Plc mortgage businessfor 180 million pounds to Blackstone Group LP (BX) and TPG CapitalIt bought Kensington for 283 million pounds in 2007, just beforethe financial crisis.
 In 2011, Principal bought Finisterre Capital LLP and Origin Asset Management LLP to expand in emerging markets.
 (GE) bought most of Alstom’s energy assets in a $17billion deal.
 The SEC claims Braverman and his brother bought Seagate shares and options in March 2011, when Wilson Sonsini was representing the maker of computer hard drives in a transaction with Samsung Electronics Co.
 bought most of Alstom’s energy assets in a $17 billion deal.
 Ted Tawinganone, a Los Angeles-based vice president at TCW Group Inc, which oversees $1416 billion of assets, said his firm bought Family Dollar shares as a long-term holding and wasn’t banking on a takeover.
 bought video-game company Sega Corp,has seen sales of packaged games decline as players shift fromtraditional game consoles to smartphones.
 bought Beats Electronics LLC for $3 billion, according to an ESPN report.
 The winner was an agent in the room who bought on behalf of an anonymous client, according to Rabstenek, who declined to say where the collector was based.
 The country bought 107 million tons in 2012-2013, according to the extractors’ association.
 “A lot of people bought into Pimco because of Bill Gross, who was the face of the organization, and so they’re shooting first and asking questions later,” Bill Mann, chief investment officer of Alexandria, Virginia-based Motley Fool Asset Management LLC, said by phone.
 The weakness in Alibaba’s stock last week may also be caused by sales from investors who bought shares in the IPO and are now selling with a profit, according to Warren Hickman, a managing director at Shire Capital Management LLC in New York.
 Rakuten bought messaging service Viber Media Inc.
 Jimmy Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores around the world.
 “You have five weeks of S&P growth, we may be in the overbought territory,” Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Milwaukee-based RW Baird & Co, which oversees $110 billion, said in a phone interview.
 “A lot of people bought into Pimco because of Bill Gross who was the face of the organization and so they’re shooting first and asking questions later,” Bill Mann, chief investment officer of Alexandria, Virginia-based Motley Fool Asset Management LLC, said by phone.
 The coal resource, bought by International Coal Ventures Pvt Ltd, a group of Indian state-run metal and mining companies, holds an 26 billion metric tons of reserves.
 Canceling the permit would force Hindalco to run its plants on more expensive coal bought at auctions or shipped from overseas, rather than from its own mine.
 It was a prize possession” The group sold “The Surge Movement” t-shirts, and it crowdfunded a $4,000 billboard near Coke headquarters in Atlanta that read: “Dear Coke, We couldn’t buy Surge so we bought this billboard instead” It’s the largest to “pledge” for the revival of any discontinued product.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- If SABMiller Plc wants to avoid getting bought, its best bet may be to make Heineken NV an offer it can’t refuse.
 Caruso bought the property in 2007 from H.
 He left the industry and declined to comment on the suit or why he dropped it when reached by phone in Montana, where he bought a bar.
 On theconsumer side it will be a sleek experience” Braintree, which was bought by EBay last year, works withonline and mobile-only startups so that people can easily payfor goods and services.
 The company began on the Mediterranean holiday island of Mallorca in 2011 as a reaction to the termination of London flights by BMI, later bought by British Airways.
 Western Digital, looking to diversify beyond its hard-driveroots, bought HGST from Hitachi Ltd.
 Vodafone Group Plc, which bought Spanish cable provider Grupo Corporativo ONO SA for 72 billion euros earlier this year, does not plan to bid for Yoigo, according to three of the people.
 About two-thirds of people with high blood pressure needmore than one drug to treat it, according to Forest LaboratoriesInc, which Actavis bought in July for $208 billion.
 Walgreen bought a 45 percent stake in Alliance Boots, Europe’s largest pharmacy chain, in 2012 and had the option to gain full control of the chain.
 When Cuartas refused, Alvarez bought the entire 20,000-copy run of “Biografia de El Corte Ingles” from local bookstores on its first day in print.
 The Chicago-based hotel operator bought the property because of its prominent location in a top market, which will boost the brand’s visibility, said Jamie Rothfeld, a Hyatt spokeswoman.
 The strike threatens to undermine efforts by Air France executives to bring spending into line with discount rivals such as EasyJet Plc, now the country’s second-biggest airline, and Ryanair Holdings Plc, which has bought higher-capacity aircraft that will help cut fares.
 The world’s fourth-biggest petrochemical manufacturer bought a license last month to look for fuel around its refinery in Grangemouth, Scotland.
 20 that it bought Avicenne Medical Center in Novosibirk for $455 million.
 Canal Plus had bought Italian pay-TV provider Telepiu in 1997, when it was building a European-wide network.
 Last year it bought RedBus, an online travel portal in India.
 The People’s Bank of China has built up the world’s largest foreign-exchange reserves as it bought dollars to limit the yuan’s gains with the nation’s higher interest rates drawing inflows.
 “We believe our pricing procedures are entirely appropriate and in keeping with industry best-practices” The issues being probed by the Securities and Exchange Commission include whether the $36 billion exchange-traded fund bought investments at discounted prices while relying on higher valuations for the assets when the fund calculated the value of its holdings, the Wall Street Journal reported Sept.
 Cash Flow Wenig also bought a Jeep on EBay earlier this year, and in a post on Twitter said the transaction reminded him of company founder Pierre Omidyar’s original vision.
 Abraaj, based in Dubai, bought Turkish dairy producer Yorsan Gida Mamulleri AS last year for an undisclosed sum.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Heineken can be bought after all.
 “By teaming up, our LNG buying volume becomes impossible for buyers to disregard” The company known as Kogas, Korea’s sole LNG importer, bought 393 million metric tons of the fuel last year, making it the world’s biggest buyer.
 Korea and Japan together bought 123 million tons of LNG in 2012, more than half of the world’s total purchases, according to BP Plc data.
 The Indian government, for example, procures the cheapest and lowest quality drugs to combat tuberculosis among its citizens, while treatments bought by aid organizations are of much higher quality, even when purchased from companies in India, Dybul said.
 “This bodes well for local e-commerce companies” The Sensex is the best performer among the world’s 10biggest markets this year as foreigners bought $141 billion ofshares, the most among the eight Asian markets tracked byBloomberg.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- City Developments Ltd, Singapore’s second-largest developer, bought a plot of land in Tokyo valued at S$356 million ($279 million) as it seeks to expand overseas amid declining demand at home.
 Over the years, the company changed strategies and, under Michael Glimcher’s leadership, sold lower-quality properties and bought and developed higher-end shopping centers and open-air malls to boost growth.
 A level above 70 indicates to come technical analysts that a security or index is overbought and poised to decline.
 Cheung Kong, which hasn’t bought land since 2012, has about five to six years of reserves and may need to replenish soon as it sped up home sales this year, said Patrick Wong, an analyst at BNP in Hong Kong.
 It also bought Canadian e-book company Kobo Inc.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA’s private-equity arm, which bought a rooftop bar and dim sum restaurant chain in Singapore this year, is seeking more investments in the region to gain from rising consumer spending.
 This year L Capital Asia bought stakes in the Crystal Jade Culinary Concepts Holding Pte restaurant chain, known for its steamed dumplings and spicy noodles, and Ku De Ta Group, which operates the 57th-floor bar at the top of Singapore’s Marina Bay Sands hotel.
 Symphony Technology bought the division for $320 million and is expected to close the deal in the fourth quarter, according to a company statement.
 The company has cast off publications including Chemical Engineering, Modern Plastics and Businessweek, which was bought by Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP in 2009.
 TiVo is expanding operations and adding staff in the offices of Digitalsmiths, the cloud-based video content provider it bought in February.
 And Ellison bought 98 percent of Lanai, Hawaii’s sixth-largest island, in 2012 -- so he can always start his own basketball league on the 141-square-mile island if he wants.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Morgan Stanley will swallow some losses incurred by customers who bought mutual funds after the bank failed to make the fund prospectuses accessible online.
 Brokerage clients who elected electronic delivery of documents can rescind purchases of mutual funds they bought from Nov.
 Morgan Stanley bought Smith Barney from Citigroup Inc.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Japanese stocks climbed, with the Topix index and Nikkei 225 Stock Average each closing at the highest in more than six years, as investors bought shares to gain dividend rights and the yen fell.
 The company last week bought a majority stake in San Francisco-based software startup Apcera, which will let Ericsson add policy governance to its cloud offerings.
 In December, GIC bought Blackstone Group LP’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex.
 Though Russian companies have bought ads on Yandex for years, many foreign companies have traditionally relied on Google.
 “We have good quality coverage with what we’ve bought today and in the previous spectrum auction, which we think is the best business case for 4G coverage,” Valente said.
 Unigroup bought Spreadtrum in December for about $17 billion, taking the company private.
 “Nifty will get support at 7,950 as there is a lot of put build up there” The Nifty has increased 27 percent this year as foreigners bought $14 billion of shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, on bets Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will revive an economy growing at close to the slowest pace in a decade.
 Al Jazeera bought Current to gain access to millions ofUS.
 Current Founders He and his partners -- including Joel Hyatt, founder ofHyatt Legal Services, Los Angeles billionaire Ron Burkle andmoney manager Richard Blum -- bought Current’s predecessorcompany for $70 million in 2004.
 Investors bought HK$19 billion worth of shares between thedate of circular and the the profit warning, the regulator said.
 Daniel Loeb’s Third Point LLC targeted Yahoo in 2011, when the fund bought a 52 percent stake and urged the board to resign.
 GeraldChan recently bought about $120 million worth of property inHarvard Square, the Boston Globe reported in April.
 Last year it bought Nevada’s largest electric utility.
 Magyar Telekom bought frequency blocks in the 800, 900,1,800 and 2,600 MHZ bands for a total of 587 billion forint,the company said.
 The strike threatens to undermine efforts by Air France executives to bring costs in line with discount rivals such as EasyJet Plc, now France’s second-biggest airline, and Ryanair Holdings Plc, which has bought higher-capacity aircraft that will help cut fares.
 Prime Minister John Key’s National Party, which is leading in opinion polls, rejected the allegation, saying the music it used was bought from the Beatbox library and it will defend itself in court.
 While the company long ago made back the $27 million he bought it for, the returns have been nothing like Berkshire’s, Munger responded.
 A group of banks including Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, which co-led the IPO in May, will purchase Encana’s stake at C$3650 a share for resale to investors this month in a so-called bought deal, the Calgary-based company said in a statement today.
 Aabar bought its RHB stake from Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC for 1080 ringgit per share in 2011, when RHB was the target of a takeover battle between the country’s biggest lender Malayan Banking Bhd.
 ‘Overbought Territory’ “You have five weeks of S&P growth, we may be in theoverbought territory,” Bruce Bittles, chief investmentstrategist at Milwaukee-based RW Baird & Co, which oversees$110 billion, said by phone.
 Bullion jumped 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Federal Reserve bought debt and held borrowing costs at an all-time low to support the economy.
 The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether Pimco bought many bonds at discounts then marked them up, a person familiar with the matter said.
 bought in August for $970 million.
 Back then, some 15,000 people had wallets on Coinbase, and they bought and sold about $1 million in bitcoins a month, Armstrong says.
 While Apple didn’t break out unit sales for each of the two new phones, about 60 percent of the initial buyers during opening weekend bought the 6 Plus, according to an estimate from Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos.
 “In any sort of cyclical industry, you want to buy when there’s blood in the street,” said George Dethlefsen, chief executive officer of Corsa Coal Corp, the Canadian mining company that’s backed by private equity investors, which bought PBS.
 in three years, Murray bought mines from Consol Energy Inc, which is shifting its focus to natural gas.
 Google, owner of the market-leading Android mobile-phone system, in January bought Nest, which makes Wi-Fi connected thermostats, for $32 billion.
 Blackstone Group LP, Bain Capital LLC and Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal bought Weather Channel Cos.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Vail Resorts Inc, which owns its namesake ski destination along with Keystone, Breckenridge and Beaver Creek in Colorado, said it bought Park City Mountain Resort in Utah for $1825 million.
 In 2012, it bought urban ski areas Afton Alps in Minnesota and Mount Brighton Ski Area in Michigan for $20 million in cash, and paid about $18 million for Lake Tahoe’s Kirkwood Mountain Resort and adjacent development sites.
 Investcorp bought Icopal for 850 million euros in 2007.
 San Miguel bought an indirect 49 percent stake inPhilippine Airlines and an affiliate for $500 million in 2012.
 Levenson over the weekend said he planned to unload hismajority stake in the team he bought in 2004 for $208 million,creating a frenzy of activity among sports bankers seekinginformation from the league on who would sell the team.
 Merck bought Schering-Plough in 2009.
 Overseas investors bought a net $287 million of local stocks on Sept.
 In 2009, private-equity firm Patriarch Partners LLC bought a controlling interest in Dura Automotive Systems Inc, where Leuliette was chairman and CEO.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Marine Harvest ASA, the world’s biggest salmon producer, bought farming assets from bankrupt Acuinova Chile SA for $120 million, boosting access to Russia after the country banned fish imports from Europe.
 Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether Pimco bought smaller lots of bonds at discounts and then marked them up in the ETF, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the probe isn’t public.
 A level of 70 indicates to some technical analysts that a security or index is overbought and is poised to decline.
 The gauge has risen 26 percent this year as overseas funds bought $138 billion of local shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Ltd, who bought and resurrected the company 14 years ago and in 2012 sold it to Paris-based Remy Cointreau SA for 58 million pounds.
 He’sbought an island, won the America’s Cup and created a fifthmajor tennis championship.
 Sharp bought Recurrent in 2010 for $305 million.
 In November, CenturyLink bought Tier 3 Inc.
 The central bank bought that book for 7 billion rand last month.
 16 Puma said it had bought 5 percent of last year’s second-place Bundesliga team, Borussia Dortmund.
 The Vietnam asset management company has bought more than 58 trillion dong ($27 billion) of bad debt as of end-August, according to VAMC Chairman Nguyen Quoc Hung.
 ValueAct bought a $1 billion stake in 21st Century Fox Inc.
 “But I still think you could ultimately see $83 or $84 because once this asset is bought by one buyer, the buyer that’s left out really doesn’t have a lot of choices” for other takeover targets to pursue.
 PGNiG bought 600 million cubic meters of gas from Germany and the Czech Republic in the first half of 2014, compared with 45 billion cubic meters imported from Russia.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Qatar National Bank SAQ, the Middle East’s biggest lender by market value, bought stock in Togo-based Ecobank Transnational Inc.
 4 it bought a 125 percent stake in Ecobank valued at about $230 million.
 In Saskatchewan, in the remote areas, you need to build a labor camp” To safeguard its position, EuroChem bought a license for the Belopashnenskiy potash area at the Verkhnekamskoe deposit in June, increasing its reserve mining base to 60 years to 70 years from the current 35 years, Bailey said.
 Last Market He said he wants to use PeerStreet to eliminate unnecessary parts of the lending chain and create a more transparent and inclusive platform for anyone who wants to put money into real estate, including residential properties bought by investors.
 Hedge Fund Stake In April, after Jana said it invested $1 billion in Walgreen, partner Scott Ostfeld said the company’s buyout of Alliance Boots and Pessina’s presence on the board “will lead to the revitalization of this iconic brand and produce years of earnings growth through synergies, fixing operations and improving capital allocation” Pessina’s rise inside the Walgreen universe dates to 2012, when Walgreen bought a 45 percent stake in Alliance Boots.
Loomis Sayles & Co, the investorthat bought Ireland’s government debt before the nation’s 2011bailout triggered a historic rally, now likes Portugal’s dollar-denominated bonds.
 The firm, once one of the world’s largest disclosed holdersof Ireland’s bonds, said it bought the Iberian nation’ssecurities and isn’t interested in other European sovereign debtfor the $24 billion Loomis Sayles Bond Fund.
 “We bought Portuguese dollar bonds because they arerelatively cheap to where they should be,” Dan Fuss, whose BondFund outperformed 98 percent of its peers in the past fiveyears, said in an interview in London.
 Fuss declined to commenton which dollar bonds he bought.
 bought a 99 percent stake in Athens Water in May.
 Ellison flaunted his wealth, building a sprawling Japanese-inspired home in Silicon Valley, scooping up large swaths of land in Malibu and making a splash in 2012 when he bought the Hawaiian island of Lanai.
 Oracle has bought dozens of companies over the years, with Ellison sometimes making huge deals to wipe out competitors.
 Ten-year-old Jaden Shelton, who lives in Fairfax, Virginia, wrote “The Scary Blueberry,” about a kid afraid to try new foods, and sells the book at a 33 percent discount to those paying with bitcoin; about 40 bitcoin users have bought copies so far, he said.
 It would behoove a parent to expose their children to this changing world” Bitcoin Fanatic Brooke Mallers, a 51-year-old stay-at-home mom with six kids in Evanston, Illinois, first began spending bitcoins on purchases last fall, when she bought the kids’ Christmas presents -- Nike Inc.
 In April, she and her husband bought patio furniture on Overstockcom Inc, in July a Dell gaming computer for the kids.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Bruno Ewald Steinhoff, the founder of South African furniture retailer Steinhoff International Holdings Ltd, bought more than $1 million worth of shares in the company the day it said full-year profit gained 38 percent.
 Steinhoff Executive Director Fredrik Nel bought 80,561 rand worth of shares on Sept.
 Today’s deal is Nucor’s biggest since it bought SHV North America Corp.
 Investor bought an 8 percent stake in Helsinki-basedWaertsilae from a joint venture it had with Finnish consumergoods company Fiskars Oyj (FIS1V), according to a statement.
 The shareswere bought at 4055 euros each.
 Barclays sold its retail assets to Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank PJSC in April while HSBC Holdings Plc bought Lloyds operations for $769 million in 2012.
 (MAR), the world’s second-largest publicly traded hotel chain,bought Cape Town-based Protea Hospitality Holdings for about$200 million in April.
 bought the naming rights to the Atlanta Braves’ new $672 million stadium in Cobb County, which is set to open for the 2017 Major League Baseball season.
 They bought stakes in Aldermore in January.
 1, the best performer among the world’s 10 biggest markets, as foreigners bought $14 billion of local shares, the most amount among the eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Deng and about 300 other investors bought a 149 millionyuan townhouse in June in the southern Chinese city of Dongguanand sold it in August for 16 million yuan.
 “The market has bought the pound on confidence the ‘No’vote will succeed,” David Croy, head of markets research at ANZBank New Zealand Ltd.
 Securities and Exchange Commission alleged in a related lawsuit that Teeple passed his tips to several other friends and colleagues who also bought Foundry securities ahead of the company’s announcement.
 bought smaller lots of bonds at discounts, then marked them up, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the probe isn’t public.
 SEC Probe The issues being probed by the SEC include whether the exchange-traded fund bought investments at discounted prices while relying on higher valuations for the assets when the fund calculated the value of its holdings, according to the person familiar with the matter.
 Using Derivatives ETFs trade on an exchange and can be bought and sold like stocks.
 “A lot of Russians bought property in the south of France, they love to come here,” said Umberto Vallino, head of business aviation development for Nice, Cannes and St.
 Today’s deal, which includes a 484 percent stake in Mexican appliance company Mabe, comes just two months after Benton Harbor, Michigan-based Whirlpool bought a controlling stake in Italian appliance maker Indesit Co.
 OxyChem never owned the Lister Avenue site and bought the stock of Diamond Shamrock from Maxus in 1986, 17 years after the plant closed, Moses said.
 It bought branches from OAO Sberbank this year to expand to more than 200 offices from Kaliningrad to Vladivostok, serving 28 million clients.
 Lastyear, Myer had proposed merging with David Jones before thechain was bought by Cape Town-based Woolworths Holdings Ltd,which also bought Country Road.
 Its international holdings were bought through external managers including State Street Corp.
 initial public offering for a real estate investment trust, bought a 23-story office building in San Francisco for about $395 million.
 Premier Office Fund LP and Mitsubishi Estate New York, bought the property two years ago.
 A fervent collector who has worked with dealers all over the country, Gramisci says he’s bought and sold 30 to 40 cars through RK Motors and checks the website about four times daily for new listings.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 88 percent of the notes, the least since July 2013 and versus an average of 141 percent for the past 10 auctions.
 A total of 7,181 insiders bought their own stock this year through Sept.
 Company officials turned pessimistic on their own stock in October 2010, with about seven insiders selling for every two that bought shares.
 The GM lending unit bought Ally Financial Inc’s international operations in South America and Europe in 2012 and is working to acquire the rest of Ally’s joint-venture operations in China, said Jim Cain, a GM spokesman.
 Californians bought as many as 26,482 electric vehicles this year, more than any country including second-place China, with a population that’s 35 times bigger.
 Pawlenty’s group, the Financial Services Roundtable, started a website and bought ads on billboards and social media, attacking a website the regulator uses to collect complaints about banks and other financial-services providers.
 Alibaba said that its underwriters bought an additional 48 million shares from the company at the IPO price of $68 each.
 Club Med shares were suspended in Paris today after Fosun bought 298 million shares from Ardian for 22 euros apiece.
 The Japanesecompany bought Germany’s U3 Pharma AG in 2008 and California-based Plexxikon Inc.
 The decision to buy covered bonds, assets the ECB already bought between 2009 and 2012, was also driven by concern over volumes, Visco said.
 In 2010, the management of construction company Hochtief AG opposed being bought by Spanish builder Actividades de Construcción y Servicios SA.
 private equity firm that’s bought banks in Japan and Egypt, beat out rivals including Norvik Banka AS and Russian businessman Yuri Shefler for the government’s support.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Foreigners bought Canadian securities in July, more than reversing a divestment the month before, as investors took advantage of a stock market rally.
 Foreign investors bought C$468 billion of stocks, with Canadian equity prices up 125 percent this year through July, the agency said.
 They also bought a net C$255 billion of bonds and sold C$192 billion of money-market paper.
 Canadians bought C$967 billion of foreign securities in July, the most since April 2007, led by equities.
 bought a $567 million stake in its renewal energy assets.
 So has the Globe and Mail, a Toronto newspaper that in May divulged it bought images of Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack cocaine for $10,000.
 “I’ve never bought their music” “Idk who put U2 on my iTunes but that is the worst prank imaginable,” tweeted another, Jessica Williams, using the abbreviation for “I don’t know” The album giveaway was announced two days ago following Apple’s unveiling of new iPhones and a wearable device called Apple Watch.
 For others, the album just appeared as available for download among a list of other records users had bought through iTunes.
 While Kraft Macaroni & Cheese lost market share to natural brands like Annie’s, now being bought by General Mills Inc, after Hari’s criticism, her campaigns haven’t meaningfully depressed sales or ravaged stock prices.
 Spring Airlines has 46 aircraft in its fleet and have bought two A320 simulators, said Wang.
 Before that, it bought most of its cars from automakers that agreed to buy them back at a set age and price.
 bought Osisko Mining Corp.
 For others, the album just appeared as available for download among a list of other records users had bought through iTunes.
 “Panasonic was a very interesting buy before they made the hard decisions to restructure,” said Brian Barish, president of Denver-based Cambiar Investors LLC, which oversees $115 billion in assets and bought Sony this year.
 International investors bought a net $185 million of Indian stocks on Sept.
 Donahoe sparred with Icahn for two months at the beginning of the year after the billionaire bought a stake in January, and the clash took an hostile tone until a settlement in April.
 Growth Engine EBay, whose online marketplace sells everything from motorcycles to golf clubs via auctions and at fixed prices, bought PayPal in 2002 to add online-payment services.
 The competitive landscape has also changed dramatically since EBay bought PayPal.
 “We think that has a role to play in the future of games as well” Streaming Service In 2012, Sony bought Gaikai Inc.
 “It makes a ton of sense because Vodafone just bought cable companies in Germany and Spain and there’s the sense that once you start on this track you don’t stop,” said Amy Yong, a media analyst at Macquarie Capital in New York.
 London-based Eaton bought the assets, located in six African countries, for almost $1 billion, said a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified as the details are private.
 Last year, it bought a 45 percent stake in in New York’s Times Square Tower from Boston Properties, the largest US.
 The mobile carriers will continue to provide mobile services to customers who already bought contracts through the chain.
 The West African nation is seeking to increase banks’ ability to withstand losses five years after it bought bad debt from lenders including Access Bank to save the industry from collapse.
 (AAPL) store in Beijing hawking something that can’t bebought inside: the new iPhone 6.
 Breaking Laws Su Ling, 32, who works in the wealth-management unit at aEuropean lender in Hong Kong, bought two devices through Apple’ssmall-business website for about HK$6,400 ($826) each andanticipates selling them for about HK$10,000.
 “Everyone in my office who could get on the site bought apair,” Su said.
 She bought two gold, 128-gigabytedevices online and plans to sell one to an acquaintance for theequivalent of $1,546.
 Heberto Corella Yescas, a 41-year-old dairy farmer, dumped 2,000 liters (528 gallons) of milk over the past month after the distributor who’d bought his product for years said no more.
 The days of ads bought over the phone are fading asadvertising agencies and publishers automate the process and usedetailed consumer data to target individuals ready to buy, Magnasaid in a forecast released today.
 Under Suwaidi, the central bank bought Dubai’s $10 billion bond in February 2009 as part of a $20 billion bailout to help the emirate avert a default following a property market crash.
 “There is opportunity acquisitively because the pharmaceutical industry is in quite a state of flux with a lot of big multinationals consolidating” The company, which supplies medicines in more than 150 countries, last year bought injectable thrombosis brands, a manufacturing site and inventory from London-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc for 700 million pounds ($113 billion).
 QNB, the Middle East’s biggest lender by market value, bought an 11 percent stake in Ecobank for $283 million on Sept.
 Sinosteel, which bought Australian iron ore miner Midwest Corp.
 Blackstone bought GSO, a credit manager run by Bennett Goodman, in 2008.
 Limited Supply The issues being probed by the SEC include whether the $36 billion exchange-traded fund bought investments at discounted prices while relying on higher valuations for the assets when the fund calculated the value of its holdings, the Wall Street Journal reported yesterday, citing unidentified people familiar with the matter.
 ETFs, which have turned into one of the most popular investing vehicles over the past decade, trade on an exchange and can be bought and sold like stocks.
 Ellisonflaunted his wealth, building a sprawling Japanese-inspired homein Silicon Valley, scooping up large swaths of land in Malibuand making a splash in 2012 when he bought the Hawaiian islandof Lanai.
 Oracle has boughtdozens of companies over the years, with Ellison sometimesmaking huge deals to wipe out competitors.
 Ranbaxy is being bought by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
 China Dongxiang Group Co, which bought part of an Alibaba investment fund in 2011, slid 13 percent today, after tumbling 13 percent yesterday.
 CEZ’s Benes said in April he regretted that the company hadn’t bought Slovenske Elektrarne when it was for sale in 2006 and that he’d be open to bidding for Enel’s 66 percent stake.
 Enel bought the stake in Slovenske Elektrarne for 839 million euros in 2005, pledging to invest another 19 billion euros in the company during 10 years.
 Investors who bought when underwriters sold shares in the company’s Sept.
 announced yesterday it reached a deal to be bought by Vista Equity Partners for $43 billion, following Compuware Corp’s $25 billion buyout by Thoma Bravo LLC earlier this month.
 On his busiest day, he says, he bought and sold 70 billion yen worth of stocks.
 CIS says he bought 3,300 shares, about a quarter of the actual total, at the limit-low price.
 If there’s one basic principle, he says—repeatedly and slowly, as if instructing a child—it is this: “Buy stocks that are being bought, and sell stocks that are being sold” That’s more profound than it sounds, according to Hersh Shefrin, professor of behavioral finance at Santa Clara University in California and author of Beyond Greed and Fear, a 2007 book about the role of psychology in investing.
 District Judge David Carter in Santa Anaapplies the same methodology as Rakoff, the credit rater’spenalty could be based on the amount the alleged victims paidfor the securities that they wouldn’t have bought if it hadn’tbeen for S&P’s investment-grade rating, according to Gadinis.
 He later joined the board of Veritas Software Corp, which Symantec bought for $102 billion in 2005.
 Ares bought the $24 billion portfolio from Merrill Lynchat roughly 87 cents on the dollar after Margolies, whounderwrote loans and bonds backing more than $100 billion ofbuyouts in 2007, ran an auction process dubbed “ProjectBaseball” because it was conducted during the 2008 summerbaseball season.
 Ares bought a portfolio of 3,000 performing andnon-performing Spanish residential mortgage loans from CitigroupInc.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds ($818 million) in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 The company bought a stake in Tullow Oil Plc’s discoveries in Uganda and forged an exploration venture with smaller competitor Cobalt International Energy Inc.
 The company instead has won an auction for Brazil’s Libra field in October and bought a stake in gas discoveries in Papua New Guinea in December.
 Daniel Loeb’s Third Point LLC targeted Yahoo in 2011, when the fund bought a 52 percent stake and urged the board to resign.
 Blackstone, which bought assets at discounts after thefinancial crisis depressed prices, is now selling shares in moreof its largest property units as stocks hover close to highsThe firm’s past offerings include last year’s IPOs of HiltonWorldwide Holdings Inc.
 The three firmsbought Extended Stay in 2010.
 yesterday bought 2 million shares in the world’s biggest offshore-rig company by market value, boosting its stake to 1151 million shares, or 2334 percent of the total, Seadrill said in a statement.
 The gauge has still risen 27 percent this year as global investors bought the most amount of domestic shares among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 By then, he had also bought a farm and a monastery near Segovia, northwest of Madrid.
 Moscow-based OAO TMK immediately bought some of the operations from Evraz for $17 billion.
 “Particularly in those midstream accounts that can demonstrate excellent corporate governance, transparency and financial strength” About one-third of the diamond merchants in the Belgian port city, where 80 percent of the world’s gems are bought and sold, are financed by the ADB, according to the Antwerp World Diamond Center.
 The International Tennis Federation accepted his explanation that he inadvertently ingested it while taking glucose tablets bought at a pharmacy, giving him a nine-month ban and backdating it so he was able to resume playing this January.
 Qatar National Bank QSC, the largest Arab lender, bought a125 percent stake in Ecobank for $290 million on Sept.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates Airline’s Dnata unit in April, in the US.
Terry Pegula and his wife Kim boughtthe Buffalo Bills for a record $14 billion, a person withdirect knowledge of the transaction said.
 At issue is whether BP can claim that insurance policies bought by Transocean covered the oil company for the disaster, or if the Macondo well drilling contract limited coverage.
 The company bought put options that allow it to sell silver at $18 an ounce, 29 percent below yesterday’s closing price, he said.
 “Traders are expecting nomajor shock from RBI tomorrow” The 50-share Nifty Index has risen 27 percent this year asforeigners bought $138 billion of shares, the most among eightAsian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Apple wasn’t telling Audience one way or another, so to confirm its suspicions, the company’s engineers bought a new iPhone when it came out and did their own tear-down analysis, Santos said.
 Rakuten bought messaging service Viber Media Inc.
 The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether Pimco bought many bonds at discounts then marked them up, a person familiar with the matter said this week.
 The hedge-fund business of KKR includes the Prisma fund-of-hedge-funds unit that KKR bought in 2012, and the strategicpartnerships, the people said.
 A standalone HBO service in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark, which can be bought separately from cable-TV or Internet service, has generated 380,000 subscriptions, people familiar with the matter said in July.
 Allianz SE, Europe’s biggest insurer, introduced an online car insurance last week named “Mein Auto digital+” that costs the same whether it’s bought over the Internet or through a broker, and can be managed on the insurer’s website, according to a statement by the company.
 Actavis picked up Namenda when it bought Forest Laboratories Inc, a $28 billion acquisition that closed in July.
 Paper Rally Shares of paper companies rallied after New York-based hedge fund Perry Capital LLC bought stakes and said mills could become MLPs.
 bought out the MLPs it controlled.
 Navios Maritime Partners LP bought container ships last year to compensate for the drop in earnings for its dry-bulk carriers.
 (PARR) boughtfrom Tesoro Corp.
 maker of lab equipment and chemicals, in 2010 for about $6 billion, and bought AZ Electronic Materials SA, a chemical supplier to the electronics industry, this year for about $25 billion.
 Paris-based Eurazeo bought Apcoa for 885 million euros in 2007 in a transaction backed by 660 million euros of loans.
 bought the stake “in the ordinary course of business” and that the shares are “not held for the purpose of or with the effect of changing or influencing the control of” Family Dollar.
 The SEC alleged that Perry bought the stock in order to vote in favor of a merger that would have given it a profit on an arbitrage position in Mylan, and thus could not claim that the shares were bought “in the ordinary course of business,” one of the requirements for filing on Schedule 13G.
 The Ivory Coast-born French national bought Express Life Insurance Co.
 “There’s no emotion attached to it like ‘We are public-sector undertaking, they are PSU’” While foreigners have bought $141 billion of local shares this year, the most in Asia, appetite for state assets may wane if the government sacrifices shareholder returns while trying to revive economic growth from near a decade-low, according to Dalton Capital Advisors India.
 A level above 70 indicates to technical analysts that a security or index is overbought and poised to decline.
 (HPTX) said a company it bought from Clalfalsified clinical-trial data on a diabetes drug.
 over patents it bought, dropped 95 percent.
 They follow Walt Disney Co, which bought Maker Studios this year, and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc, which acquired Awesomeness TV in 2013, as TV companies use Web-based content to go after younger viewers.
 That’s helped boost the share of Chinese imports bought with yuan to about 8 percent, up from 2 percent in 2010, Marich said.
 Barclays failed to enhance its compliance procedures after it bought Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s advisory business in 2008, the US.
 His second, 3TEC Energy Corp, was bought by Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 When was the last time you bought an RC Cola? Thought so.
 No Connection Pontus Hamilton, the prosecutor handling the cases, said both suspects are thought to have sold and bought shares and derivatives ahead of public statements.
 “Loan level misrepresentations are then traced to specific RMBS tranches” bought by the retirement system, according to the complaint.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Tibco Software Inc, a maker of software for businesses, agreed to be bought by Vista Equity Partners for about $43 billion in the biggest US.
 “I bought some wine at a charity auction, and it was fake.
 The company sold 59 percent of frozen foods bought domestically in the fourth quarter of 2013, while it had an 11 percent share of the dairy business, BRF said in a Feb.
 Brasil Foods was created when Perdigao SA bought Sadia SA for $38 billion in 2009.
 shares bought in October, according to a lawsuit with the Singapore High Court.
 Lone Star, based in Dallas, bought the company from the German government for 11 billion euros last year.
 It bought UK-based oil and gas engineer Hamworthy Plcin 2012 to tap into the growing liquefied natural gas business.
 “If you’re running ads onInstagram and use Atlas you can see who saw them, and if theybought something” While the new product may spark privacy concerns because ittracks users’ activities, Sandberg said marketers won’t be givenaccess to any data beyond what members have made availablethrough their privacy preferences.
 Liberty Global bought a 64 percent stake in ITV, which hastop-rated shows such as “Downton Abbey” and rights to EuropeanChampions League soccer coverage, from Rupert Murdoch’s BritishSky Broadcasting Group Plc for 481 million pounds ($775 million)in July.
 Earlier this year, it bought shale positions in theEagle Ford basin in Texas.
 since investors bought $496 billion of port operator DP World Ltd’s stock seven years ago.
 In 2011, he bought Brazilian bauxite and alumina assets from Vale SA in a deal valued at $527 billion.
 “The S&P move will help India attract more inflows” The Sensex has rallied 26 percent this year as foreigners bought $139 billion of Indian shares, the most in Asia, amid prospects for faster growth under Modi’s government.
 The mines, initially operated by BHP Billiton Ltd, were bought from Portman Iron Ore Ltd.
 They’ve bought $136 billion of shares, the most among Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Mickos was previously CEO of database-software company MySQL, which was bought by Sun Microsystems in 2008.
 When Apple “finally addressed a lot of the reasons why I hadn’t bought an iPhone yet, then I just said, ‘OK, I bought your phone’” Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is counting on customers like Funamura to break open the premium large-screen smartphone market.
 An additional 15 million shares can be bought by the underwriters, according to the statement.
 bought the property in 2011 for about 89 million euros.
 When he bought the site, Huth planned to build a complex with 200 outlets.
 Marriott International Inc, the world’s second-largest publicly traded hotel chain, bought Cape Town-based Protea Hospitality Holdings for about $200 million in April.
 He estimated the number of employer-provided phones bought each quarter to be around 1 to 15 million, down from about 3 million four years ago.
 Its subsidiary, Lingyun Industrial Group Corp, bought the world’s largest supplier of car latches in Germany last year, the group’s first overseas acquisition.
 To remake its cloud business, Rometty bought provider SoftLayer Technologies Inc.
 maker of software and control systems used in the chemical, oil and gas, and mining industries, which it bought in January.
 “Munis are fully valued, overbought and potentially exposed to a backup, particularly if we get heavy supply over the remainder of the year,” said Chris Alwine, who oversees $140 billion of state and local debt as head of munis at Vanguard in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania.
 Payton and Durant bought securities in SPSS in the days before the announcement of the deal, prosecutors said.
 Last year, it bought Coastal Energy Co, an explorer centering on Southeast Asia.
 In 2011, when Invesco and National Pension bought their interests in the building from a joint venture that included Goldman Sachs Group Inc, GE Capital and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, the property was valued at $635 a square foot, Real Capital data show.
 In 2006, National Bank fended off Citigroup, which later bought a stake in Akbank TAS.
 Spain’s Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA and Italy’s UniCredit SpA have also bought into the largest of Turkey’s private banks in recent years.
 “We bought things you can’t find in Brazil, like kitchen accessories,” Osis said while checking in at John F.
 He also said he received 15 million reais ($627,000) in bribes after Petrobras bought the Pasadena refinery in Texas, according to a Sept.
 It looked like any other transaction in the international money-printing market, where bills are bought and sold amid tight security, Bloomberg Markets magazine reports in its December issue.
 After the French company bought a stake in Novatek, Russia in 2013 became Total’s biggest source of production aside from Nigeria, the United Arab Emirates and Norway, providing about 9 percent of its daily oil output.
 was a stock Karma bought at below 100 rupees a share in 2004 and exited at about 750 rupees a share in 2012.
 “We bought them despite everyone saying absolutely don’t touch them,” she said.
 The ECB bought covered bonds for a second day yesterday, according to two people familiar with the matter, as it tried to reduce borrowing costs to stave off deflation in the region’s economies.
 Barrick, the world’s biggest gold producer by output, acquired Lumwana when it bought Equinox Minerals Ltd.
 Copyrights on various artists’ designs can be bought through the platform, the newspaper reported.
 “The market’s a sugar addict and the sweet nectar of free money, any kind of incremental liquidity from a central bank, whether it’s Europe or China, is what the market’s looking for” The ECB bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day under its asset purchase program, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 The ECB bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day under its asset-purchase program, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 Goldman Sachs last year bought apartment blocks and social-housing developments from local authorities in Madrid in a partnership with private-equity firm Azora Capital SL, which is based in the capital.
 bought the social media website for $580 million.
 The Irving Firemen’s Relief and Retirement Fund alleged that it bought Tesco stock at artificially inflated prices.
 The owner of the world’s largest search engine bought six office buildings at Pacific Shores Center in Redwood City, California, from Starwood Capital Group LLC and Blackstone Group LP.
 The company said in its quarterly report filed two days ago that it signed office leases for a total commitment of about $1 billion through 2028 and bought land and buildings for $585 million, without disclosing details.
 Starwood Capital bought Pacific Shores Center in December 2006, near the height of the commercial-property market, from its developer and Walton Street Capital LLC, and immediately resold two of the buildings.
 Blackstone Deal Blackstone in 2011 bought an $80 million junior loan on the office complex at a discount in an effort to gain ownership if Starwood Capital defaulted, two people with knowledge of the purchase said at the time.
 In July, the company bought a San Francisco office building and agreed to lease space at a nearby tower.
 Swisscom bought the unit for 46 billion euros in 2007, seeking to make up for slowing growth in Switzerland, where it made 82 percent of its revenue last year.
 The Wuxi, China-based company, bought by Shunfeng for 3 billion yuan ($490 million), may ship 15 gigawatts of modules this year, Luo said.
 ESL Partners and affiliates bought 177 million more shares at C$1050 ($950) each for a total stake of 467 percent, the Bay Harbor Islands, Florida-based fund said yesterday in a statement.
 Operation Failure The BOJ bought 262 trillion yen of Japan’s treasury-discount bills from financial companies today after offering to buy the securities with yields at 0005 percentage point below market rates.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- Vodafone Group Plc began an internal probe into possible tax fraud at Grupo Corporativo Ono SA, the Spanish cable operator it bought this year for 72 billion euros ($91 billion).
 Vodafone bought Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for 105 billion euros last year to bulk up its network in Germany.
 BHP bought Chesapeake Energy Corp’s Fayetteville assets in 2011 for $475 billion.
 Last year it bought a Las Vegas site, once home to the Stardust resort, for $350 million.
 Adidas bought Reebok in 2006 for $38 billion in cash.
 works to integrate Protea Hotels, a South African-based chain with 116 hotels across the continent it bought for $196 million last year.
 mortgage and savings bank, which bought nationalized Northern Rock Plc in 2011, is delaying its IPO after Aldermore Group Plc postponed its share sale this week.
 We just need to park it for a little while” Taxpayer Rescue Virgin Money bought Northern Rock for 747 million pounds after that bank was rescued by taxpayers in 2008, following the first run on a UK.
 “But the long-term outlook for new housing in metro Phoenix is good” Retirees Bob and Camille Berg bought a finished house at The Bridges from Shea Homes on July 29 for $240,000 as an escape from a lifetime of snowy winters in the Chicago area.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Marubeni Corp, a Japanese trader that with a partner bought Canada’s Grande Cache Coal Corp.
 After Citigroup bought Banamex in 2001, the unit was retained because the bank’s Mexican executives didn’t want the quality and range of services to change, one of the people said.
 GIC bought the property from Merrill Lynch & Co.
 During its last fiscal year ending March 31, the state investor bought Blackstone Group LP’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex.
 Asian funds bought a record $146 billion of European properties in 2013, according to data compiled by Jones Lang LaSalle Inc, as they hunted for returns amid record-low interest rates.
 Strauss-Kahn bought a 20 percent stake in the financial services firm last year as part of an effort to rebuild his post-IMF life after a scandal dashed his chance to run for the French presidency.
 Enel bought the stake in Slovenske Elektrarne for 839 million euros in 2005, pledging to invest another 19 billion euros in the company during 10 years.
 It also bought Aviva Plc’s Milan headquarters from BlackRock Inc’s Europe Property Fund III.
 group that bought Roma in 2011.
 mortgage and savings bank, which bought the nationalized Northern Rock Plc in 2011, is set to become the latest publicly traded lender challenging the nation’s four big banks.
 “Nonetheless, it is an uncomfortable truth that given the relatively small amount being raised, in terms of convenience and speed to market, this may be the prudent financial choice” Virgin Money bought Northern Rock for an initial 747 million pounds after that bank was rescued by taxpayers in 2008, following the first run on a UK.
 The latest skirmish concerns Hong Kong’s leader, Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying, and allegations he failed to disclose a HK$50 million ($64 million) payment from an Australian construction company after it bought a property services firm at which he was a director.
 Bayer this month bought Whitehouse Station, New Jersey-based Merck’s consumer-health business for $142 billion, adding the allergy treatment Claritin to a Bayer portfolio anchored by the pain pill aspirin.
 Qatar Investment Authority and Hong Kong’s Lau family are considering options including a full takeover of the company after the sovereign wealth fund bought a minority stake, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 Sistema bought a controlling stake in Bashneft, the nation’s sixth-biggest oil producer, in 2009.
 Because most farmers bought seed and fertilizer when prices were higher, planting in the state probably will still rise by 43 percent to a record, the institute said.
 As part of the separation deal, Tan bought 238 percent of ARMS from the Bakries for $223 million, doubling his stake.
 Global investors bought $188 million of local stocks on Oct.
 Thirty cornerstone investors bought about 63 million of the shares offered.
 A group led by Levenson bought the Hawks in 2004 for about $190 million.
 1, bought GLG in 2010 for $16 billion.
 ‘Left Field’ The decision “was out of left field and it caught the market by surprise and us by surprise and, if allowed to stand, represents a threat to corporate America in general,” said Michael Kao, founder of Akanthos Capital Management LLC, a Los Angeles-based hedge fund that bought preferred shares in late 2008.
 Google, betting that connected homes will help spread its technology and services, paid $32 billion in February to buy Nest, which in turn bought in-home camera company Dropcam Inc.
 Ternium bought the additional 10 percent from Brazilian pension fund Previ, agreeing to pay 6167 million reais for 514 million voting shares of Usiminas at 12 reais a share, compared with yesterday’s close of 660 reais.
 Last year she bought a limited-edition Louis Vuitton handbag for $1,495, about half the retail price.
 The ECB bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 The ECB bought short-dated French notes from Societe Generale SA and BNP Paribas SA as well as Spanish securities from other lenders yesterday.
 unit bought Rooftop Media Inc, a distributor of audio and video programming online, in an effort to increase its digital content.
 Legal Penalties After the collapse of the mortgage market that began in 2007, the investors who bought the bonds and the Department of Justice began suing the banks for securities fraud.
 The agency cut Nomura’s rating in March 2012, when earnings were under pressure from costs that swelled after it bought bankrupt Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s Asian and European operations.
 Many who bought at inflated prices and interest rates were hit by a recession and sold at a loss.
 Investors bought units, which led to change in the nature of residents, Stephens said.
 17, Foord bought shares on the open market after an earlier request for a meeting was rejected, the person said yesterday, asking not to be identified as the matter is private.
 “This does appear to fit in with their recent strategic moves” In July, Qualcomm bought Wilocity Ltd, which makes Wi-Fi products that can be used in home Internet routers and appliances that connect to the Web.
 In 2011, Sherborne bought a stake in London-based F&C Asset Management Plc, with Bramson, 63, taking over as chairman.
 Exco bought Chesapeake Energy Corp.
 The ECB bought Spanish covered bonds in the third day of its purchase program, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because they’re not authorized to speak about it.
 The Frankfurt-based central bank also bought German bonds yesterday, according to a separate person familiar with the purchases.
 Berkshire bought the Pampered Chef in 2002.
 Investors will demand a concession to buy longer-dated debt as the Fed withdraws from a market where it bought 41 percent of this year’s gross issuance of Treasuries due in more than 20 years, Pimco said in a report.
 Washington-based Carlyle bought RAC in 2011 from Aviva Plc and the new debt will refinance existing facilities and pay a dividend to the private equity firm.
 Lundin has signed an agreement with GMP Securities and BMO Capital Markets to lead a syndicate of underwriters in a so-called bought-deal financing.
 Bass, bought Dave & Buster’s in 2010 for $570 million including debt.
 Less than a year after the buyout, the company bought back $95 million of Oak Hill’s shares.
 bought last month and predicts a rally.
 Yields are going south” Mitsubishi UFJ bought Treasuries due in 10 to 30 years last month, he said.
 Barclays, which is also compensating clients who bought loan insurance they didn’t need, may face $102 billion in provisions by the end of 2016, according to Morgan Stanley.
 Dilosk bought 223 million euros of performing mortgages from Bank of Ireland last month and plans to issue residential mortgage backed securities against the loans next year.
 and has since bought more.
 In 2010, he bought iPads to help employees do financing and insurance paperwork at his Mercedes-Benz store, and eventually handed out 200 of the devices to sales and service workers.
 The maker of $1,995 Lust peep-toe sandals, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 As the share price fell in that September, volumes rose as Sweeney bought stock on behalf of Van Tonder.
 “He’s come back and bought Dresser, but he isn’t even close to being finished.
 Gut Drugs Salix would have bought patents to three gastrointestinal drugs from Cosmo Pharmaceuticals for about $27 billion in stock.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Enterprise Products Partners LP bought a stake in Oiltanking Partners LP and offered to buy the rest of the company in a proposal worth as much as $6 billion, the latest bet on the growing market for US.
 where there is a lot of production where that discount in oil is more prevalent and they’ve done a good job of moving that oil to their refineries” Phillips 66 said 95 percent of the oil it bought in the US.
 In 2008, the utility bought Union Fenosa SA for about 168 billion euros.
 Corporate Campus JPMorgan owns its Park Avenue tower as well as nearby 383 Madison Ave, which the bank inherited when it bought Bear Stearns Cos.
 Business owners are dropping coverage they previously bought through WellPoint and other insurers, and instead sending employees to shop for it on the government exchanges created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare.
 Aabar will not agree to any deal below 12 ringgit a share for RHB, which is the total cost that it incurred when it bought its stake from Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC in 2011, the Malaysian Insider reported on July 16, citing people it didn’t identify.
 It’s a nature of the beast, you have to be optimistic, but at the same time must be able to balance your optimism with actual exploration” Khumalo, who bought the Zimbabwe gold-mining assets of Lonmin Plc to build up Metallon, is the former chairman of JCI Ltd, which was South Africa’s first black-owned mining company before its assets were sold.
 In August 2012, the Japanese trading company bought a 30 percent stake in 650,000 acres from Devon.
 Knight Capital bought HotSpot in 2006 for $775 million, according to a statement at the time.
 The gauge has still risen 26 percent this year as overseas investors bought $138 billion of shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 The miner had previously considered spinning off the Niobec mine or finding a partner to expand the project, which it acquired in 2006 when it bought Cambior Inc.
 They bought the property for $220,000 in early 2009 with prices “on the downslope but the ride kept going a lot further down,” said Eric, 49, a software engineer.
 The bank gave the couple a mortgage at 6 percent for a 1,400-square foot two-bedroom apartment for $185,000 that they bought in March.
 Qatar National Bank SAQ, the Middle East’s biggest lender by market value, bought an 11 percent stake in Ecobank for $283 million on Sept.
 The Public Investment Corp, which manages the equivalent of about $150 billion of the South African Government’s pension fund money, bought almost 20 percent of Ecobank in April 2012.
 The gauge has risen 26 percent this year, the top performer among the world’s 10 biggest markets, as overseas investors bought $138 billion of local shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 after the sovereign wealth fund bought a minority stake, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 QIA bought the stake today from a investment company equally owned by Lau and Hong Kong billionaire Cheng Yu-tung’s Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Ltd.
 The firm raised its quarterly dividend by 5 cents today and said it bought back $125 billion of stock during the quarter.
 Under the Spens clause, if bonds are bought back before maturity, the investor receives sufficient compensation to allow it to obtain the same cash flows by re-investing in risk-free gilts, according to the UK.
 “There’s still a way to go,” said Peter Falkenstein, a senior consultant at ASI, which has bought more than 25,000 hectares of land in Romania for investors since 1999.
 Overseas investors bought a net 21 billion won worth of Kospi-listed stocks yesterday, the first time they bought more than they sold since Sept.
 Mercedes once had a marketing partnership with motorcycle maker Ducati, which ended when Volkswagen AG’s Audi unit bought the Italian brand in 2012.
 Shareholder Equity Great Western, which National Australia bought for $798 million in 2007, had shareholder equity of $14 billion as of June 30, according to a regulatory filing in August.
 Global investors bought $251 million of local stocks on Oct.
 When selling publicly traded Mission West, Berg bought the company’s campuses used by Apple Inc.
 Take Alisha Gracias, a 26-year-old physiotherapist in the western Indian state of Goa, who bought her first car in April.
 securities law doesn’t bar foreign investors who bought BP common shares on exchanges overseas from pursuing their claims under English law in his court.
 Ellison said that securities law cited by BP in its request for dismissal “simply does not -- on its face -- preclude foreign law claims” Pension funds in the UK, Germany and other countries that bought shares on the London exchange sued BP in Houston federal court, claiming the company pumped up the value of its stock by downplaying the size of the spill.
 pension funds that also bought BP ordinary shares on the London exchange.
 bought the stake from Morgan Stanley.
 Traders bought options that protect against near-term declines in an exchange-traded fund tied to the Russell 2000, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 A normal buyer would probably prefer to wait for early signs of a turnaround” Gores Group bought its stake in Unify, then known as Siemens Enterprise Communications, in 2008.
 Ingenia, whose shares trade on the Australian stock exchange, has sold some traditional retirement villages and bought 15 parks since entering the sector in February 2013.
 That includes treasury shares and Fiat stock bought back during the merger process.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- A group of investors including InnVest Real Estate Investment Trust bought a majority stake in Toronto’s historic Royal York Hotel for C$1865 million ($1664 million).
 In that case, Fintech will pay Telecom Italia $175 million in compensation and Telecom Italia gets an option to buy back Sofora shares bought by Fintech.
 It bought Nexen for $151 billion in 2013 in China’s biggest overseas acquisition, expanding into the UK.
 The gauge has risen 25 percent this year as overseas investors bought $132 billion of shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Anglo bought the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in De Beers for $51 billion in 2012, increasing its holding to 85 percent and ending the dynasty’s 80-year ownership.
 She said she bought her first Formula 1 weight-loss shake powder, Herbalife’s best-selling product, from a family member at a reunion in 2004 just to be nice.
 She bought more at future reunions.
 He left the industry and declined to comment on the suit or why he dropped it when reached by phone in Montana, where he bought a bar.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 “With Android he created something truly remarkable” After joining Google in 2005, when the Web-search provider bought his startup Android Inc, Rubin was instrumental in turning Android into a major competitor against Apple Inc’s iPhones.
 “It will be difficult for the Nifty to beat that level of 8,200” Foreigners bought a net $949 million of Indian stocks on Oct.
 Bank of Montreal in May bought F&C Asset Management Plc, which runs the oldest UK.
 The average FICO credit score for borrowers who bought homes in August was 755 on a scale of 300 to 850, according to loan processor Ellie Mae.
 The stock is down 21 percent this year and lost about 50 percent since it bought Lehman Brothers’ European and Asian businesses during the global financial crisis.
 NRG’s Chief Executive Officer David Crane said he’s been approached by companies “that wanted to be bought by us for billions of dollars” He expects other companies to pursue solar acquisitions, especially in the US.
 SunEdison Inc, the Index’s best-performer this year, in July bought a 50 percent stake in Silver Ridge Power LLC, a US.
 Last year, I bought earrings.
 Investors bought 41 billion euros ($52 billion) of the securities, accepting record-low returns until August 2024.
 The Shanghai-based company beat offers from UnitedHealth Group Inc, Grupo Angeles Servicios de Salud SA of Mexico and Portugal’s Jose de Mello Saude SGPS SA to secure a 96 percent stake in the Portuguese hospital operator through Fidelidade, the Portuguese insurance company it bought this year.
 737-500s bought from CSA Czech Airlines, declining to disclose the price.
 “The time when everybody bought LGFV bonds for high returns without considering credit risks are gone.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- The European Central Bank bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day under its asset purchase program, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 The ECB bought short-dated French notes from Societe Generale SA and BNP Paribas SA as well as Spanish securities from other lenders yesterday.
 Venmo, a peer-to-peer payments startup, was added to the fold when EBay bought Venmo’s parent company, Braintree Payment Solutions LLC, last year.
 It bought Softential Inc.
 In August, it bought Invati Insights Pvt.
 The public-relations professional from Nashville, Tennessee, said he and his wife will visit local specialty stores, but anything from a major brand is bought on the Web.
 Tumblr, which Yahoo bought for about $1 billion last year, should make about $100 million in revenue next year, she added.
 ‘Most Exciting’ Old Mutual bought a stake in a Kenyan company last year.
 have also bought stakes in companies on the continent.
 in South Africa, ARMLife Plc in Nigeria and Bima, which offers insurance that can be bought on a mobile phone, he said.
 Breathing new life into Castelfalfi has cost Hanover, Germany-based TUI 865 million euros ($1098 million) in impairments and writedowns since then-Chief Executive Officer Michael Frenzel, 67, bought the deserted village for a 250 million-euro development targeting vacationers.
 companies can still seek the advantage of a foreign tax address by being bought.
 It got so bad that Tiffany & Co, the New York-based jeweler, bought an advertisement in the New York Times that said, “We think it is unconscionable for anyone to hoard several billion, yes billion, dollars worth of silver and thus drive the price up so high that others must pay artificially high prices for articles made of silver from baby spoons to tea sets, as well as photographic film and other products” On Jan.
 Making matters worse, the Hunts had bought futures contracts on 19 million ounces of silver with delivery scheduled for the next Monday, March 31, Greider wrote.
 “They bought a lot of silver.
 “In the Old Testament, Jacob bought an option to marry Rachel,” he said.
 Carlyle Group LP is open to bids for its Axalta Coating Systems as it simultaneously plans an initial offering for the business it bought from DuPont Co.
 “They are doing quite a bit,” said Brian Barish, president of Denver-based Cambiar Investors LLC, which oversees $115 billion in assets and bought 10 million Sony ADRs this year.
 Canada Pension bought its initial stake in May 2012.
 Last month, Walldorf, Germany-based SAP bought business travel software provider Concur Technologies Inc.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- FCMB Group Plc, the Nigerian lender that bought bailed-out FinBank Plc three years ago, suspended a planned Eurobond sale, and opted instead to borrow funds from a group of banks.
 “We continue to see good relative value in Brazil versus its peers” Pimco’s is looking to repeat its success more than a decade after it bought Brazilian bonds as they plunged before presidential elections in 2002, a bet that proved prescient and burnished the reputation of its manager Mohamed El-Erian.
 A 22 percent plunge in the price of crude this year has bought international benchmarks more into line with Brazil’s subsidized refinery gate prices, the cabinet level official who participated in discussions, said today.
 Nordic Trial A stand-alone HBO service in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark, which can be bought separately from cable-TV or Internet service, had generated 380,000 subscriptions as of July, people familiar with the matter said at the time.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Earlier this week, Angela Pollock ditched Colgate Total toothpaste after using it for about 15 years and bought Crest Pro-Health instead.
 bought Arcelor SA in 2006 in the steel industry’s biggest takeover.
 The Asian country increased stockpiles almost six-fold over the past four years, after the government bought up supplies to support domestic growers, contributing to a surge in prices that reached a record $2197 in March 2011.
 Aabar, which bought its shares for 27 percent above their current price, is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 The Cleveland-based company acquired Bloom Lake when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 Japan bought 45 million barrels a day last year, outranked only by the US.
 Acquisition Machine When Valeant bought Bausch & Lomb last year, Saunders stayed on in an advisory role and eventually left because the acquirer planned to manage the business on its own.
 Continental Coal Ltd, in which Village bought a stake last year, received an approach from a third party interested in buying its 74 percent holding in its South African subsidiary, the West Perth, Australia-based company said in a separate statement dated Oct.
 EMC bought VMware in 2004, when the latter acted only as a server-virtualization company and EMC focused on selling high-end storage offerings, Elliott said today.
 The ECB bought the covered bonds from Societe Generale SA and BNP Paribas SA as well as Spanish securities from other lenders, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 Chiquita Brands is scheduled to hold another shareholder meeting after yesterday’s agreement to be bought by Cutrale-Safra.
 and CEO of Globalstar -- “a satellite company he bought in bankruptcy in 2003 and wants to use to sell voice and data services to the 2 billion people who live or work in the 75 percent of the world without cellular or landline access,” Brendan Coffey reports today.
 agreed to be bought by Brazil’s Cutrale Group and Safra Group for about $681 million, three days after shareholders rejected its plan to buy another banana producer in a tax inversion.
 The recent decline “is a corrective phase as we’ve had a good year to start with” The Sensex has increased 23 percent this year, the best performer among the world’s 10 biggest markets, as foreigners bought $134 billion of shares, the highest in Asia, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Bank Islam was bought out by BIMB Holdings Bhd.
 Though Russian companies have bought ads on Yandex for years, many foreign companies have traditionally relied on Google.
 Blackstone bought Pinnacle, the maker of Vlasic pickles and Wish-Bone salad dressings, in 2007 and took it public in 2013.
 European shares rallied 21 percent today, extending gains after two people familiar with the matter said the ECB bought Italian covered bonds under its asset purchase program.
 “The quarter reported may be tough because of the global and geopolitical uncertainty, but guidance will be crucial and that’ll have some tailwinds in terms of lower commodity prices and weaker euro” Currency Moves The euro declined today against the dollar as the ECB bought covered bonds for a second day as part of President Mario Draghi’s plan to boost lending, and Reuters reported the central bank is considering corporate-debt purchases.
 Two things have helped change that outlook: the billionaire Steve Ballmer bought the Los Angeles Clippers for $2 billion in May, and John A.
 In May, Ballmer paid almost four times the previous record for an NBA team when he bought the Clippers.
 In Houston, authorities bought 1,100 impermeable suits for local emergency responders, then trained them after the local union leader, Alvin White, went on television to complain that they didn’t know the how best to use the clothing.
 South Africa disposed of 20 percent of SAA, as the airline is known, to Swissair in 1999 and bought the shares back in 2002 after the Swiss carrier went bankrupt.
 bought short-maturity Spanish and Italian government debt on the expectation the European Central Bank’s offering of low-price loans to euro-area banks will keep interest rates from climbing.
 Caveats will be included so that purchases of debt such as asset-backed securities, or ABS, will be equivalent in risk to assets bought elsewhere.
 Tata Steel reported a profit of 359 billion rupees for the year ended March 2014, almost a quarter of its annual earnings seven years ago, when it bought Corus.
 medical-device maker being bought by Minneapolis-based Medtronic Inc, fell 7 percent to $8586.
 Freeport, the world’s largest publicly traded copper producer, with mines in the Americas, Indonesia and the Democratic Republic of Congo, diversified into oil and gas last year when it bought two energy companies for about $9 billion.
 Aabar will not agree to any deal below 12 ringgit a share for RHB, which is the total cost that it incurred when it bought the stake from Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC in 2011, the Malaysian Insider reported on July 16, citing unnamed people.
 The firm invested in shipping service BufferBox, which was bought by Google Inc.
 “There is definitely a nervousness about pricing and market sentiment” Investors from east and southeast Asia bought 29 percent of the new London apartments that Knight Frank sold in the year through September, according to the broker.
 “Any issuance that occurs is likely to be small placements, bought by buy and hold investors and so the market would be very illiquid” Lack of Sales Only one bond denominated in dirhams has been issued this year through yesterday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Ford Otomotiv Sanayi AS, Teknosa Ic ve Dis Ticaret AS and Arcelik AS are among companies the BNP Paribas Investment Partners unit has bought shares in, according to Selim Yazici, who became chief executive officer last week.
 AMP Capital bought shares in the US.
 The country bought 472 million metric tons of LNG in 2013, a 40 percent increase on 2012, according to the Paris-based International Group of Liquefied Natural Gas Importers.
 Asian funds bought 21 billion euros of properties in Europe in the first nine months of 2014, up from with 13 billion euros in the same period in 2013 and 650 million euros in all of 2012 data compiled by BNP Paribas Real Estate showed.
 Morgan Stanley will swallow some losses incurred by customers who bought mutual funds after the bank failed to make the fund prospectuses accessible online, according to a letter obtained by Bloomberg News last month.
 bought the Memorial Stake for an undisclosed price in 2010.
 Sberbank in 2013 bought control in YandexMoney, the electronic payments operator run by Russian Internet company Yandex NV.
 “In any sort of cyclical industry, you want to buy when there’s blood in the street,” said George Dethlefsen, chief executive officer of Corsa Coal Corp, the Canadian mining company that’s backed by private equity investors, which bought PBS.
 in three years, Murray bought mines from Consol Energy Inc, which is shifting its focus to natural gas.
 The Tesla bought by Consumer Reports “performed better, or just as well overall” as any vehicle it ever tested, the magazine said.
 The retailer last made an acquisition in 2006, when it bought a controlling stake in South African fashion retailer Uzzi for an undisclosed amount.
 Billionaire John Fredriksen bought 1835 million shares, or about 10 percent, of Entra, his investment company Geveran Trading Company Ltd.
 “We asked if we could go over by $100 and were told that’s just not going to work,” said Bregenzer, who bought his first home before getting married in 2008.
 Traders bought the stock after Vipshop, which sells fashion goods at deep discounts, plunged 26 percent in the two months to Oct.
 Greenlight told investors that it bought SunEdison in the second quarter at an average price of $1555 per share.
 China bought 87 percent more Middle Eastern crude this year than in 2013, compared with a 20 percent increase in oil from South America.
 Overseas funds bought more South Korean equities than they sold today for the first time this month, exchange data show.
 Its residents bought more of the cars this year than any other country in the world, including China, with a population that’s 35 times larger.
 (GOOGL) bought six officebuildings northwest of its Silicon Valley headquarters fromStarwood Capital Group LLC and Blackstone Group LP (BX) in a $585million deal, two people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Thecompany said in its quarterly report filed yesterday that itbought land and buildings for $585 million, without details.
 Starwood, Blackstone Starwood Capital bought Pacific Shores Center in December2006, near the height of the commercial-property market, fromits developer and Walton Street Capital LLC, and immediatelyresold two of the buildings.
 Blackstone in 2011 bought an $80 million junior loan on theoffice complex at a discount in an effort to gain ownership ifStarwood Capital defaulted, two people with knowledge of thepurchase said at the time.
 We need more positive news for dollar bulls to put on new positions” Tepper Bets The euro snapped a four-day gain versus the yen as the ECB bought covered bonds for a second day and Reuters reported it is considering corporate-debt purchases.
 The central bank bought Italian covered bonds today as part of Draghi’s plan to boost lending, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 The prosecutor alleges the regional oil producer was sold off without the state’s consent before Sistema bought it.
 Underlying profit excludes gains during the financial crisis as the bank bought back junior bonds at a discount.
 The Heinda mine in Tanintharyi, which opened in 1923, was bought by Myanmar Pongpipat in 1999.
 Bass, bought Dave & Buster’s in 2010 for $570 million including debt.
 Less than a year after the buyout, Dave & Buster’s bought back $95 million of Oak Hill’s shares.
 Shorting involves selling borrowed shares with the view their prices will drop and they can be bought back at a profit.
 The acquisition could have helped SABMiller avoid being bought by AB InBev, people with knowledge of the matter said at the time, after the Leuven, Belgium-based maker of Budweiser and Stella Artois spent close to $100 billion in 10 years to purchase brews from Corona to Budweiser.
 Claren Road Asset Management LLC, in which Carlyle bought a 55 percent stake in 2010, fell about 11 percent in one of its funds in the first half of October, three people with knowledge of the returns said.
 “The short-term impact will be slight but it’s for a long-term positioning” Macquarie raised the dividend payout ratio in May last year and bought back A$251 million in shares from the market in the year ended March 2013.
 and Swedbank AB posted better-than-estimated earnings, while the European Central Bank was said to have bought Italian covered bonds.
 Italian Bonds The ECB bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day under its asset purchase program, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 The central bank bought short-dated French notes from Societe Generale SA and BNP Paribas SA as well as Spanish securities from other lenders yesterday.
 Lone Star, based in Dallas, bought the company from the German government for 11 billion euros last year.
 Cliffs expanded into Canada when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 On a call with journalists later in the day, Laurence said the company could make announcements in the coming weeks on how it would use airwaves it bought earlier this year and the debut of its shomi streaming service.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- TransCanada Corp, the second-largest Canadian pipeline operator, bought three projects totaling 30 megawatts of capacity from Canadian Solar Inc.
 Finma yesterday said it banned Andreas Waespi from managerial positions for three years after finding that the bank where he’d previously served as chief executive had repeatedly bought its own shares to prop up the price over four years.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 The official banking industry bought $276 million from the population and sold $541 million in September.
 That amounts to a 200 hryvnia profit for every $1,000 bought and sold.
 Last year it bought a Las Vegas site, once home to the Stardust resort, for $350 million.
 The Arysta acquisition is the largest in the agrochemicals industry since Russian fertilizer maker OAO Uralkali bought OAO Silvinit for about $66 billion in 2010, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 It bought Agriphar for 300 million euros ($383 million) earlier this month.
 To help Rosneft sell near the top of its price range, Gazprombank bought $35 billion of shares in the IPO and then resold them to clients, a service that earned it less than $1 million in fees, a fraction of the $128 million total, two people familiar with the lender’s finances said.
 Swiss financial regulator Finma said that starting in mid-2009 through early 2013, Bank Coop repeatedly bought its own shares to prop up their price, particularly during market-sensitive moments such as before and during earnings reports.
 bought the company in 2010, and recently almost made back its money in Forbes, which was sold this year to a collection of investors led by Integrated Asset Management (Asia) Ltd.
 Survitec is being sold by Warburg Pincus LLC, which bought the business in 2010 for about 280 million pounds ($448 million).
 It doesn’t need traditional advertising to drum up demand” Social Media While Tesla doesn’t buy TV spots, its digital strategy and Musk’s social-media presence -- he has more than 1 million Twitter followers -- have “created a lot of buzz among people that would not have otherwise bought the vehicle,” said Alan Baum, an independent auto analyst at Baum & Associates.
 It’s growing in other parts of the world, especially North America” Harris bought the National Basketball Association’s 76ers in 2011 and added the National Hockey League’s Devils and their arena, the Prudential Center in Newark, last year.
 That came after they bought back its stadium, Selhurst Park, from Lloyds Bank following the collapse of a company that previously owned the facility.
 bought the defunct power plant in 2012 and are seeking to turn the district into a prime address.
 Holiday Forecast “Word-of-mouth marketing -- people like you bought this -- creates a strong urge to buy,” said Rebecca Lieb, a social-media marketing analyst at Altimeter Group in San Mateo, California.
 maker of software and control systems used in the chemical, oil and gas, and mining industries, which it bought in January.
 Kapic, who bought and sold short-term power for the world’s biggest gas exporter, started at Noble in London on Oct.
 16, amid better-than-estimated earnings, and as the European Central Bank bought covered bonds.
 “It helps grow the entire business” Beijing-based Baidu, for example, bought Internet-video business PPStream Inc.
 and Winsway Enterprises Holdings, valued at about $1 billion when they bought it in 2011.
 Quantitative Easing The Fed has bought $395 trillion of securities since 2008, a program called quantitative easing, or QE.
 The ECB bought Italian covered bonds as it returned to the market for a second day under its asset-purchase program, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 “SNC bought a good company with a strong strategic position, but if there’s a slowdown, maybe the estimates for Kentz won’t materialize.
 Mahaffy, the CEO, has developed two other medical companies that were bought: Pharmion Corp, which was sold to Celgene Corp.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 “These four accomplished executives will help the outstanding team we are assembling to lead First Data’s transformation to a global tech company with an entrepreneurial spirit” KKR, led by billionaires Henry Kravis and George Roberts, bought First Data in 2007 for $298 billion, including debt and fees.
 Shapiro didn’t elaborate what securities his firm bought.
 The owner of the world’s largest search engine bought sixoffice buildings at Pacific Shores Center in Redwood City,California, from Starwood Capital Group LLC and Blackstone GroupLP.
 The company said in its quarterly report filedyesterday that it signed office leases for a total commitment ofabout $1 billion through 2028 and bought land and buildings for$585 million, without disclosing details.
 Starwood Capital bought Pacific Shores Center in December2006, near the height of the commercial-property market, fromits developer and Walton Street Capital LLC, and immediatelyresold two of the buildings.
 Blackstone Deal Blackstone in 2011 bought an $80 million junior loan on theoffice complex at a discount in an effort to gain ownership ifStarwood Capital defaulted, two people with knowledge of thepurchase said at the time.
 In July, the company bought a San Francisco officebuilding and agreed to lease space at a nearby tower.
 Wilson, who bought the team for $25,000 in 1959, died in March.
 Ltd bought ready-to-wear brand Krizia in February.
 In that area, Anadarko bought and developed pipelines and processing facilities to make drilling more profitable and ensure that its oil and gas wasn’t stuck without a market, he said.
 Most of the alleged wrongdoing involved Merrill Lynch and Countrywide Financial, companies Bank of America bought.
 Mengniu bought a 75 percent stake in the baby-milk maker last year and has sought to strengthen foreign partnerships after a melamine-tainted milk it and Chinese companies sold in 2008 left Chinese buyers wary about domestic dairy products.
 UAC, an affiliate of venture capital investor True North Venture Partners LP, bought the existing senior secured debt from Hercules Technology Growth Capital Inc.
 apartment owner, bought Lexford in 1999 and sold it in 2006.
 It was eventually bought by a Chinese company, Hanwha SolarOne Co.
 Shelton bought a new house with her husband in May and said she plans to keep her gift budget the same or smaller than last year.
 “They don’t know if you bought that Disney princess 70 percent off or for full price” Consumer spending, which accounts for almost 70 percent of the US.
 Investors bought a net 3931 billion yen ($36 billion) of shares outside Japan in the week ended Sept.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Premium Point Investments LP bought an Atlanta-based landlord and property manager as the US.
 The firm has bought more than 6,000 houses for private equity firms in Florida, Georgia and Tennessee and managed more than 7,200 since its 2010 founding.
 Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer detailed in a conference call after earnings results how Yahoo has bought back 24 percent of shares since late 2012 and said the company’s dealmaking has been “meaningful” She added that Yahoo is making progress in mobile and the Web portal has been focused on cost efficiencies.
 and bought smaller firms abroad.
 pursued banks such as Credit Suisse Group AG for helping Americans cheat on their taxes and German authorities bought CDs containing stolen bank data.
 bought back some of its dollar-denominated notes this month, while Winsway Enterprises Holdings Ltd.
 BASF, based in Ludwigshafen, Germany, bought Pronova in 2013.
 Monroe bought the building when it was derelict in the 1990s and let his kids throw rocks at the windows.
 He later became majority owner of Globalstar Inc, a satellite company he bought in bankruptcy in 2003 and wants to use to sell voice and data services to the 2 billion people who live or work in the 75 percent of the world without cellular or landline access.
 Monroe bought back an unprofitable part of Xspedius and named it Fiberlight.
 He also bought Marvel, which delivered blockbusters like “The Avengers,” and acquired Lucasfilm, which will release a new “Star Wars” film next year.
 “These are two very different asset classes in the company” Third Point also bought new stakes in EBay and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Third Point said it has also met with management of Alibaba and bought a “significant direct investment” in the company that went public last month.
 Two voters were suspended after telling undercover reporters from the Times of London that their votes could be bought.
 Rogers, who has been bearish on the former Soviet nation for the majority of his investment life, has bought Russian ETFs and local stocks, including OAO Aeroflot, the country’s biggest airline, and OAO Moscow Exchange.
 There are currently no Swiss proceedings and the investigation is a “legacy issue” that dates from when Bank Sarasin was owned by Rabobank Groep and had not yet been bought by Safra, Bonnant said.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- The benchmark gauge of Indian option prices fell to the lowest in three weeks after foreign investors bought the most amount of local shares in almost seven weeks.
 Foreign investors bought $251 million of local stocks on Oct.
 Foreigners have bought $133 billion of Indian equities this year, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 rose the most in four years after its chairman bought stock and the company said its purchase of North American assets, which sent shares tumbling earlier in the week, won’t hurt earnings.
 1 that he has bought Russian ETFs and local stocks, including OAO Aeroflot, the nation’s biggest airline, and OAO Moscow Exchange.
 bought from AngloGold Ashanti Ltd.
 QKR bought Navachab, an open-pit mine that’s about 170 kilometers northwest of Windhoek, for $110 million this year in its maiden deal.
 It currently has a 30 percent stake at hosiery maker Penti Corap Sanayi & Ticaret AS, which it acquired in 2012, and a 48 percent stake of education group Bahcesehir Kolejleri, which it bought in 2011.
 That’s still half the 62 times in 2006 after the company bought the Japanese unit of Vodafone Group Plc.
 For those who bought bonds backed by the mortgages, it fueled at least $250 billion of losses.
 Buying Ratings In a prospectus for the bonds, investors who bought them were given no details on individual loans.
 life insurer, bought Chilean pension-fund manager AFP Provida SA last year for about $2 billion.
 The judge said Bray was “clear, detailed and consistent” Bray joined Deutsche Bank when it bought his unit of Bankers Trust Corp.
 Canada Pension bought its initial stake in May 2012.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- CarVal Investors LLC, the asset-manager unit of Cargill Inc, bought Aergo Capital Ltd, an Irish aviation leasing company co-owned by billionaire Denis O’Brien.
 “Investors are flocking to Europe because they see it as the best place for buying distressed portfolios,” said Vishal Soni, who bought real estate loans at Deutsche Bank AG in London before helping start consulting firm Oxane Partners Ltd.
 Mortgage Bonds During the 2008 financial crisis, the fund bought bank bonds and mortgages not guaranteed by the US.
 Sabic, which in 2007 bought General Electric Co’s plastics unit for $116 billion, said in April it plans to expand in China and the US.
 In Chinese symbolism, it’s something very positive” Yellow Moon “Balloon Dog (Orange),” which was bought by New York art collector Jose Mugrabi, attracted bidders from the Middle East, Asia, Mexico and Europe, according to Gorvy.
 Everything is falling in place” Global investors bought a net $236 million of local shares on Oct.
 The power unit previously bought the Two Dot Wind Farm in Montana and the Carroll Area Wind Farm in Iowa from OwnEnergy.
 Frieda Purchase PanAust bought its 80 percent share of Frieda River in August from Glencore Plc, which had acquired the deposit through its 2013 purchase of Xstrata Ltd.
 In 2011, VMware, with EMC’s blessing, bought a software company called Nicira that has technology that lets customers make do with cheaper networking equipment.
 Sales got a boost from fourth-generation equipment bought by Chinese operators as part of the country’s wireless-network push.
 Targa Talks Targa was in talks this year to be bought by Kelcy Warren’s Energy Transfer Equity LP at a price of more than $15 billion, two people with knowledge of the matter said in June.
 Bertelsmann bought a 25 percent holding four years later, and acquired a controlling stake in 1973.
 Buffett has owned a stake in the Cheshunt, England-based grocer since March 2006, when Berkshire bought shares for $3287 million.
 DeMarco had reduced the targets: In 2012, 23 percent of the home-purchase loans the companies bought had to be made to these borrowers, a four percentage point drop from the goal of 27 percent in 2010.
 bought shares worth a combined $2739 million in the $27 billion IPO, according to the sale prospectus.
 Qatar Holding bought a stake worth $1408 million.
 Swedish pension fund Forsta Ap-Fonden bought a stake valued at $200 million.
 “Many weak hands must have bought these companies quite late in the rally and have now reached their loss-resistance point” Technology stocks dropped last week as Google reported third-quarter profit and revenue that missed estimates, while online marketplace EBay forecast fourth-quarter sales that fell short of analysts’ predictions.
 The company, bought by Boston-based Bain in 2007 for about 25 billion rand, said in November the proceeds of the senior fixed-coupon notes would be used to refinance debt maturing in June 2015.
 Louis-based Stifel bought it in 2011.
 That includes treasury shares and Fiat stock bought back during the merger process.
 H3C was previously owned by 3Com and Chinese networking provider Huawei Technologies Co; 3Com bought out Huawei’s stake in the business in early 2007.
 Critical Time When Daimler bought into Tesla in 2009, it was able to get a 9 percent stake for $50 million.
 “The plan means investors can get all the money back,” according to Lei Haiqiang, a lawyer at the law firm Beijing Ya Ao who said he bought 2,160 Chaori bonds at a price of around 77 yuan a piece on March 1.
 Sports Direct International Plc, whose founder Mike Ashley remains its majority owner, bought a 46 percent stake in Debenhams in January after the 236-year-old store warned of a profit slide after a weak Christmas period.
 Including Anbang’s purchase of the Waldorf from Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc, Chinese investors will have bought $27 billion of New York-area real estate in 2014, topping last year’s $26 billion, according to Real Capital.
 With the exception of an Algerian asset bought in 2012, Pertamina’s acquisitions have been within Asia.
 Nokia Oyj rose 27 percent to 683 euros after Microsoft Corp, which bought the Finnish company’s mobile-phone business last year, said Samsung Electronics Co.
 bought only 40 percent of the company.
 The company paid a premium of 33 percent when it bought Viterra Inc.
 TD bought the rest of Banknorth two years later and in 2008 bought New Jersey lender Commerce Bancorp Inc.
 lender renamed TD Bank after the firm bought Cherry Hill, New Jersey-based Commerce Bancorp.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- For an article in the June edition of GQ magazine, writer Marshall Sella bought one unit of bitcoin, for the going market rate of $834, with the goal of answering a simple question: What can you buy with it? Long story short -- he ended up purchasing a two-slice Hamilton Beach toaster oven and a Timex watch from Overstockcom, soon after the web retailer announced it would accept payment in bitcoin.
 The workers say the plan improperly bought retail class shares, rather than identical institutional class shares that carried lower fees.
 Fredriksen bought 127 million shares in the company at 775 kroner apiece through Geveran Trading Co.
 Fredriksen’s Geveran first bought shares in Flex LNG in Sept.
 SpringLeaf is controlled by private-equity firm Fortress Investment Group LLC, which bought it in 2010 from American International Group Inc.
 The would-be class action against GM seeks to represent owners who bought or leased a recalled car from July 2009 to July 2014 and still have it, or sold it after mid-February when the recalls started, or had an accident that destroyed it after that date.
 “Everyone else who’s sort of stuck in the middle will either be broken up, bought or not survive,” DiGrande said.
 Of the 50-car order for battery-powered taxis, local operators bought 34 of BYD’s e6 model, the Chinese manufacturer said yesterday in a statement.
 Taxis Bleus, which operates 320 cabs in Brussels, bought 13 BYD e6 cars, one Renault Zoe and three Nissan Leafs, Marrocco said.
 Gunvor Group, a smaller competitor to Vitol, bought two former Petroplus refineries located in Ingolstadt, Germany and Antwerp, Belgium in 2012.
 In southern and East Africa we want to build the Nedbank brand” Nedbank already operates in Swaziland, Lesotho, Namibia, Zimbabwe and Malawi and bought a stake in a Mozambican lender earlier this year.
 The retailer, whose sales exceeded $1 billion last year, bought a stake in the Bookmate service in June.
 Record Issuance The funds bought 63 percent of loans in the second quarter,according to the Loan Syndications and Trading AssociationIssuance this year of $101 billion is a record, according toMorgan Stanley data.
 Vienna wouldn’t be IFM’s first aviation investment, with the company owning a stake in Manchester Airports Group, which bought London Stansted in 2013, and holdings in Australian terminals in cities including Melbourne, Perth and Adelaide.
 Last year it bought a Las Vegas site, once home to the Stardust resort, for $350 million.
 “We’re looking at the classic regional point-to-point model, so we’ll be steering clear of competition with state-owned or low-cost carriers” VLM, previously owned by Air France-KLM Group before it and sister-carrier CityJet were bought by Intro earlier this year, currently operates a fleet of 12 Fokker 50 turboprops which perform shorter flights of about an hour, the CEO said.
 Glencore bought Xstrata Ltd.
 SK Innovation Co, South Korea’s largest refiner, bought 400,000 barrels of the US.
 Its market value has surged almost five-fold since the 2008 initial public offering to the current $49 billion as the Warsaw-based company became the largest pay-TV broadcaster and bought mobile-phone operator Polkomtel Sp.
 “The markets fell for the past few days so there was a blip” The BSE S&P Sensex is the best performer this year among the world’s top 10 markets as global funds bought $137 billion of local shares, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Hedge Fund Strauss-Kahn bought a stake in Leyne’s investment-banking and asset-management company, Luxembourg-based Anatevka SA, last year as part of an effort to rebuild his post-IMF life after a scandal dashed his chance to run for the French presidency.
 Ornskov bought 15,500 ordinary shares at an average price of 4042 pounds apiece, and now holds 37,500 shares, the company said yesterday in a statement.
 Investors bought 87 billion euros ($11 billion) of space in the first half, the most since 2007, CBRE said.
 During the quarter it bought Sumitomo Electric Industries Ltd’s 25 percent stake in a joint venture for $865 million, the company said today.
 He also bought Marvel, which delivered a string of blockbusters from “The Avengers” to “Guardians of the Galaxy” Iger acquired Lucasfilm, which will release a new “Star Wars” film next year.
 CD&R led a consortium that bought Spie from PAI Partners SAS in 2011 for about 2 billion euros.
 Foreign investors bought a net $211 million of domestic stocks on Oct.
 as well as 383 Madison Ave, a tower completed in 2001 as the headquarters of Bear Stearns Cos, which JPMorgan took over when it bought that firm in 2008, the person said.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Most Indian stocks advanced, led by industrials and utilities, as some investors bought companies most tied to the economy after the International Monetary Fund raised its growth forecast for the nation.
 International investors bought a net $95 million of Indian stocks on Oct.
 Enterprise Products bought a stake in Oiltanking Partners and offered to purchase the rest of the company in a proposal worth as much as $6 billion.
 ADM bought Wild Flavors GmbH for about $3 billion on Oct.
 As the world’s largest TV content marketplace kicks off along the French Riviera today, game formats new and old will be on display, rivaling dramas, comedies and new incarnations of reality TV being bought and sold by producers, broadcasters and studio executives.
 Did they get the materials in by boat when it was built as a hunting lodge for the local earl or whatever they said he was (some relative of Queen Victoria)? And how did the handsome young couple who bought it find the place? And how much did it cost? It’s the kind of place where you just gape in every direction, especially at the inn itself.
 Cowen said the company may eventually be bought by Vodafone Group Plc, and may also be an acquisition target for Comcast Corp, AT&T Inc.
 SHV bought more than 5 percent of Nutreco’s stock today, it said in a statement after trading ended.
 In the aftermath of the financial crisis it bought distressed assets including a portfolio of loans from Capmark Financial Group Inc.
 In that area, Anadarko bought and developed pipelines and processing facilities to make drilling more profitable and ensure that its oil and gas wasn’t stuck without a market, he said.
 “If we get things right this time, we are in for at least five years of a good ride, may be 10” Foreign investors bought a net $188 million of domestic stocks on Oct.
 Bock’s predecessor Juergen Hambrecht bought Swiss additives and dye maker Ciba for $5 billion in 2009 and cosmetics ingredient maker Cognis for $38 billion a year later.
 Today’s deal is the company’s biggest since 2010, when it bought National Starch & Chemical Co.
 The Prosecutor General is seeking to return the Bashneft stock to the government, saying the regional oil producer was sold off without the state’s consent before Sistema bought it.
 The central bank bought short-dated French covered bonds from Societe Generale SA and BNP Paribas SA today as it started that program, according to people familiar with the matter.
 Strauss-Kahn bought a 20 percent stake in Leyne’s investment-banking and asset-management company last year as part of an effort to rebuild his post-IMF life after a scandal dashed his chance to run for the French presidency.
 LSK & Partners, previously called Anatevka SA, had a market value of about 50 million euros ($64 million) and about 100 employees when Strauss-Kahn bought his stake.
 NRG’s Chief Executive Officer David Crane said he’s been approached by companies “that wanted to be bought by us for billions of dollars” He expects other companies to pursue solar acquisitions, especially in the US.
 SunEdison Inc, the Index’s best-performer this year, in July bought a 50 percent stake in Silver Ridge Power LLC, a US.
 and a company being bought by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.
 Investors bought 97 billion euros of apartment portfolios in the first nine months, up from 95 billion euros a year earlier, according to Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
 Gunvor said it hasn’t bought crude oil from Rosneft in more than two years.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Ivanhoe Cambridge Inc, the real estate division of Canadian pension plan Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec, and a partner bought two adjoining office properties in downtown Seattle for $280 million.
 The joint venture with Callahan Capital Properties bought 1111 Third, a 34-story, 572,500 square-foot (53,000 square-meter) building; and Second & Spring, a five-story, 135,000 square-foot property, Ivanhoe said today in a statement.
 Silver Lake, a New York-based private equity firm, bought IPC in 2006 from Goldman Sachs Group’s private-equity arm for about $800 million.
 Valiant Capital Management LP, a hedge fund founded by Chris Hansen, bought 2 million shares in the same period, representing 39 percent of the company’s US-traded stock, according to a filing yesterday.
 He already bought three US.
 It bought the stake in 2011.
 In September, Norway’s sovereign-wealth fund bought a stake in San Francisco’s Orrick Building through an alliance with TIAA-CREF for $1397 million.
 TIAA-CREF bought 50 Fremont more than a decade ago.
 Kyle Bass’s Hayman Capital Management LP bought a $792 million stake in the third quarter on speculation the energy company will be the main beneficiary of capital inflows when the legal dispute is resolved, he said last week.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 134 percent, versus an average of 163 percent at the past 10 auctions.
 It would mean that more than half of the 73 million people who have bought Obamacare policies aren’t entitled to the subsidies they are receiving.
 Publicis bought Digitas Inc.
 Klatten, 52, who owns about 12 percent of luxury carmaker Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, bought the Winx office tower in a project scheduled for completion in 2017, seller DIC Asset AG said in a statement yesterday.
 Boot-maker Wolverine World Wide Inc, which bought $300 million of leather last year, says prices will remain near all-time highs.
 and Countrywide Financial Corp, companies Bank of America bought.
 bought its partner’s stake in a factory building modular units for a stalled apartment tower at the Atlantic Yards development in Brooklyn, New York, paving the way for the project to resume.
 The company was cut to junk by Fitch Ratings and Standard & Poor’s in July as Portugal Telecom SGPS SA, which combined with Oi this year, faced losses on debt it bought from a firm that later defaulted.
 He bought the carrier’s shares, which he said ended up being “a value trap” and “a mistake” Richardson didn’t participate in the Bangkok Air IPO as “I can probably buy cheaper six months later when all the euphoria would have faded,” he said.
 The claim of Salazar, whobought his used car in 2010, would be covered by this class.
 “They are acquiring stakes in the most promising prospects that would previously have been bought by international oil companies, such as BP and Shell,” he said.
 The insurer set aside 5 billion rand in March 2013 to expand across the continent and has since bought a stake in Faulu Kenya Ltd.
 It also bought Intrinsic Financial Services Ltd, a UK.
 The Hong Kong-based maker of gold chains and pearl earrings bought diamond jewelery seller Hearts on Fire for $150 million in August to expand its product offerings.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan bought almost 78 million shares of BlackBerry Ltd.
 The pension fund manager also disclosed it bought almost 127,000 shares in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, China’s largest e-commerce company, during the quarter.
 Last year it bought Irish drug company Elan Corp.
 Ackman has said he boughtthe stake using options to avoid triggering disclosurerequirements of the US.
 First lady Angelica Rivera bought “real-estate assets” from the unit of Higa and continues to make payments, the office said in a Nov.
 Mony Group Inc, a New York insurance company, bought the Lebenthal firm for an estimated $25 million in 2001 through its Advest Group Inc.
 Aabar, a government-backed investor based in Abu Dhabi, bought the stake in the United Arab Emirates largest contractor from Hasan Ismaik, the company’s former chief executive officer, according to a statement posted yesterday on the Dubai exchange’s website.
 Aabar bought 707 million shares for 5 dirhams each in a special trade, according to a stock market statement.
 Not Exiting In 2010, the QIA bought $28 billion of Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.
 In May, the QIA was among investors who bought $51 billion of shares in Citic Pacific Ltd, which was acquiring assets from its parent as part of China’s drive to restructure state-owned enterprises.
 Mediclinic bought Clinique La Colline in Switzerland in June for 130 million francs ($135 million).
 “The run-up has been very fast and the index is trading inan overbought zone,” DK.
 International investors bought a net $238 million of localshares on Nov.
 ‘Large Steps’ Creditors that have bought claims against Iceland’s failed banks include hedge funds Davidson Kempner Capital Management LLC and Taconic Capital Advisors LP.
 “We will look at the A350 again, and then we’ll compare it to the 787-10, which didn’t exist when we bought the A350,” Clark said, referring to the biggest version of Boeing Co’s latest Dreamliner plane.
 Both venues said guests who bought tickets will get refunds.
 Hanwha Group bought two Prudential Financial Inc.
 The conglomerate also bought Germany’s solar-panel maker Q-Cells SE in 2012.
 The measure has risen as global funds bought $11 billion of shares this month on optimism easing inflation may prompt the central bank to cut interest rates.
 Global investors bought a net $111 million of local shares on Nov.
 Risk vehicles, those that are bought outright, will make up 70 percent of the fleet next year, compared with 85 percent this year, Hertz said.
 Risk Fleet Hertz started running a risk fleet a few years ago to take advantage of the rise in used-car prices as Enterprise and Dollar Thrifty, which Hertz bought in 2012, had done successfully.
 Before that, it bought most of its cars from automakers that agreed to buy them back at a set age and price.
 Omega bought about $36 million of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which went public in September.
 Investors who were short bought back their short positions on the news, because they maybe considered it was dovish” Speaking at a press conference in Frankfurt today, after the ECB left interest rates unchanged, Draghi said that the Governing Council “is unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional instruments within its mandate” Growth Forecasts Draghi also said that there are “indications” that point officials toward requiring “downward revisions to forecasts” The ECB will release its new quarterly outlook for the euro-area economy at its policy announcement in December.
 Marshall Wace LLC bought 965,000 shares and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority 450,000 shares, according to the filing.
 Levin’s new findings include details on Deutsche Bank AG and other clients who entered into transactions with Metro, an operator of warehouses that Goldman Sachs bought in 2010.
 Soon after Goldman Sachs bought it, Metro began paying incentives to traders to store aluminum in the company’s warehouses.
 We have many divergent customer groups” Demonstrators bought Woolworths shares ahead of the meeting to entitle them to speak at the event and put pressure on management, Boycott Divestment Sanctions South Africa said last week.
 The clothes and food retailer bought David Jones Ltd.
 But David was just ready to go” Werner bought the building, then resold it a few months later for $1 million more than he paid, according to Patton.
 Stable Market “Most of the buildings he has bought are fully occupied,” said Denham, a former chief economist at brokerage Eastern Consolidated who now has an independent practice.
 headquarters at 11 Madison Ave, which he bought with partners in 2003 for $675 million.
 Enel bought its 66 percent stake in Slovenske Elektrarne, which meets 80 percent of Slovakia’s electricity demand, in 2006.
 Last month, the wealth fund bought a building next to Tokyo Station for $17 billion.
 Bullion climbed 70 percent from December 2008 to June 2011 as the Federal Reserve bought debt and held borrowing costs near zero percent.
 “The premise on which many investors had bought gold has fallen apart,” said Tim Rudderow, the president and chief investment officer of Newtown, Pennsylvania-based Mount Lucas Management Corp.
 Weil bought almost $250,000 of RCS stock this week, according to a regulatory filing.
 The producer bought themine in May 2011 when iron ore fetched more than $160 a metricton.
 In 2006, Bain Capital LLC and Blackstone Group LP bought arts-and-crafts retailer Michaels Cos.
 BTG bought a controlling stake in Banco Pan in February 2011 after the auto lender was bailed out by Brazil’s deposit insurance fund.
 In the past six months it bought a 64 percent stake in ITV Plc, the UK’s biggest commercial broadcaster with top-rated shows like “Downton Abbey,” and teamed up with Discovery Communications Inc.
 The company bought a majority stake in BWG Group, which owns the Spar brand in Ireland and southwest England, for almost 800 million rand in August to boost sales outside its home market.
 “Online retailers don’t belong to luxury-goods companies in the long term” Richemont bought the two-thirds of Net-a-Porter it didn’t already own in a 2010 deal that valued the retailer at 350 million pounds ($550 million).
 The world’s fifth-largest independent oil-trading firm diversified into metals, opened offices in Asia, bought refineries in Europe and invested $400 million for a stake in a Montana coal mine.
 It purchased a one-third stake in the Signal Peak coal mine in Montana for $400 million in 2012, the same year it bought a refinery in Ingolstadt, Germany, for $150 million, and a refinery in Antwerp, Belgium for $79 million.
 is open to working with EBay Inc’s PayPal to expand payment options after shoppers bought a record 571 billion yuan ($93 billion) of goods during the Chinese company’s annual Singles’ Day promotion.
 MFI bought the shopping center in 2011 for 107 million euros, Immobilien Zeitung reported at the time.
 Netcare bought a 28-bed hospital in the country’s Western Cape earlier this month.
 Two thirds of fruits and vegetables and most winter products sold by France’s closely held retailer Auchan are bought from local producers, the company said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 International investors bought about 26 billion yuan ($4247 million) of Shanghai shares out of the maximum daily 13 billion yuan permitted under the link today, while mainland investors left unused 97 percent of their quota to buy Hong Kong stocks.
 “The ownership structure here had a big part in getting investors to look at the story,” Darin Batchman, who helps manage $618 billion at Stone Harbor, which bought the Sixsigma bond, said by telephone from New York.
 He bought the bonds in the offering and has added to his position.
 TRW, which agreed to be bought by ZF Friedrichshafen AG in September for $117 billion, said the deal with L&G and other efforts to wind down pension obligations would lead to a pretax charge of $875 million to $925 million.
 Boskalis Westminster NV, which bought a 148 percent stake in the Dutch deepwater-oilfield surveyor, said it doesn’t plan to bid for the company.
 Global investors bought a net $98 million of local shares on Nov.
 The firm bought Citigroup Inc’s remaining stake in the brokerage joint venture last year.
 The bank also cut its previously reported third-quarter earnings by 1 cent a share after increasing its estimated costs from a failure to make prospectuses accessible online to customers who bought mutual funds.
 Morgan Stanley said in a letter to fund companies that it would swallow some losses incurred by customers who bought mutual funds after the bank didn’t make prospectuses accessible online, Bloomberg News reported in September.
 Brightoil bought Anadarko Petroleum Corp’s assets in China for $105 billion earlier this year.
 bought Drambuie Liqueur Co.
 “There are very exceptional works on sale,” said Jude Hess, an art adviser based in London who bought paintings by Georges Braque and Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
 Last night’s Manet was bought by New York dealer Otto Naumann on behalf of the J.
 Central Banks Indirect bidders, an investor category that includes foreign central banks, bought 624 percent of the securities, the most since May, versus an average of 537 percent at the past 10 offerings.
 It bought 7832 US.
 Global investors bought a net $37 million of local shares on Nov.
 The project’s start, which faced delays and cost overruns since it was bought in 2008, coincides with a slump in iron-ore prices as Vale SA, Rio Tinto Group and BHP Billiton Plc, the world’s top producers, expand capacity and demand stalls from China, the biggest user.
 Byrider, a used-car dealer that started as a franchise operator in 1979, was bought by private-equity firm Altamont Capital Partners in 2011.
 TeliaSonera Chief Executive Officer Lars Nyberg resigned last year after a law firm hired to investigate graft accusations said TeliaSonera should have been more careful when it bought its Uzbek phone license.
 has “more priorities” than the Dow Corning partnership since it bought Samsung Electronics Co’s stake in a separate venture, Dow Chemical Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Liveris said yesterday in a presentation to investors.
 SIG was bought by Rank Group, which is backed by billionaire Graeme Hart, in 2007 for 28 billion Swiss francs ($29 billion).
 The company bought United Spirits Ltd.
 By then Pepkor had bought grocer Shoprite Holdings Ltd, which was later spun off and is now Africa’s biggest retailer by market value.
 In the past two years, Swedbank’s Latvian unit acquired Allied Irish Bank’s mortgage portfolio, bought retail, corporate and leasing operations from Latvia’s Mortgage and Land Bank and purchased parts of Italy’s UniCredit SpA’s Latvian lending portfolio.
 Whiteley, who bought longer-dated Treasuries as recently as last month, said he maintains an “overweight” position.
 IEBA, whose only source of cash is Mar del Plata, Argentina-based distributor EDEA SA, hired former Barclays Plc director Roberto Helbling to renegotiate terms on a $130 million 65 percent bullet bond due 2017, Alejandro Macfarlane, who last month bought a controlling stake in IEBA, said in an interview.
 Disvol Investment SA, controlled by Macfarlane, bought 54 percent of IEBA on Oct.
 They bought 65 percent of the securities.
 Pena Nieto’s office issued a statement yesterday saying thefirst lady bought the “real estate assets” from IngenieriaInmobiliaria del Centro and continues to make payments for thedeal.
 bought a German maker of PVC resins from Advent International Corp.
 The three Nomura employees all joined the firm in 2009 from Barclays Plc, a year after the British lender bought parts of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s investment bank, according to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority records.
 The gap between JDcom and Alibaba then was 100 times today’s” One reason for Liu’s confidence is Tencent, which bought a stake in JDcom in March.
 The firm bought 864 million shares in Facebook, valued at $6828 million.
 All Buyers The consumers, each of whom bought a new or used Honda-made vehicle, are seeking to sue on behalf of anyone in the US.
 While Goldman Sachs bought insurance to help protect against liability from potential environmental events or a nuclear disaster, the levels of capital and insurance related to the business “appear to be inadequate,” the Senate panel said in its report.
 Last month she bought health insurance for her two “boys” For $40 a month, she insures both Jack, a white Chihuahua-poodle mix, or chi-poo, and Colby, a four-pound (2 kilogram) morkie-poo, a mix of Maltese, Yorkie, and poodle breeds.
 Swedish Roots Watsa also bought Canton, Ohio-based Hartville Group Inc.
 “I’d rather be safe than sorry,” Makara said about the insurance she bought for her two dogs.
 International investors bought about 26 billion yuan ($4247 million) of Shanghai shares out of the maximum daily 13 billion yuan permitted under the link today, while mainland investors left unused 97 percent of their quota to buy Hong Kong stocks.
 It also bought a stake from Reach Coal Seam Gas Ltd.
 Campaigners against trade with the Middle Eastern country have bought shares in the Cape Town-based company and plan to put pressure on management at the meeting next week, Muhammed Desai, national co-ordinator of Boycott Divestment Sanctions South Africa, said by phone yesterday.
 Lacoste, which was bought by Swiss retail-investment company Maus Freres in 2012, is the third global brand to join the Miami Open as a partner this year after Brazilian bank Itau Unibanco Holding SA and MasterCard.
 A short sale refers to the act of borrowing shares and then selling them, in a bet that the stock can be bought back later at a lower price.
 The ban extended to nonprofit groups that bought homes and attempted to transfer them to prior owners.
 Carlyle, the second-biggest manager of alternative assets such as private-equity holdings and hedge funds, bought a 55 percent stake in Claren Road in 2010.
 “A Portuguese investor bought a store to start a bakery and coffee shop, but most of the properties went to the Chinese,” Oliveira said in an interview after the sale.
 Then a French company bought two palaces located on two of Lisbon’s seven hills before a Russian outbid a Chinese investor to buy a century-old fire-department building in the capital for 3 million euros, almost twice the original asking price, said Antonio Furtado, a city council official at the sale.
 This year, ADM bought Switzerland’s Wild Flavors GmbH for $3 billion, announced a deal to buy Fargo, North Dakota-based Specialty Commodities Inc.
 4 that it spent $234 million of unrestricted cash reserves to acquire a collection that it valued at $905 million, China Gerui didn’t reveal who it bought the porcelain from or where it’s stored, whether it’s insured or even whether it’s been authenticated, according to the complaint filed by shareholder Aram Pehlivanian.
 Lu and other company officers and directors are named as defendants in the complaint, which was filed as a proposed class-action on behalf of investors who bought shares from Jan.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Australian hedge-fund manager Stephen Fisher says he was lucky to have bought his luxury home on Sentosa, a Singapore resort island that has attracted the wealthy, in 2005, before property curbs kicked in.
 A company associated with Rinehart bought the apartments for S$572 million ($44 million), The Business Times reported in July 2012.
 “Investors thought they’d bought a maritime gas station, whereas in reality they bought a casino ticket” After an IPO that valued it at almost $1 billion, the shares soared 21 percent on their first day of trading as investors poured money into a company that in its prospectus promised a “conservative operating philosophy and corporate culture” On Friday, the ship fuel provider declared bankruptcy after revealing risk management failures had cost it $150 million.
 The central bank bought $396 trillion of bonds through three rounds of QE and more than quadrupled its assets to $45 trillion.
 jumped the most since July on speculation it may get more deals in Egypt after its second-bigger shareholder bought a stake in a Cairo-based luxury real estate developer.
 Aabar Investments PJSC, which holds almost 19 percent of Arabtec, bought a 51 percent stake in Palm Hills Developments SAE.
 foodmaker’s acquisition drive two decades before it was bought by General Mills Inc, has died.
 With Spoor as CEO and chairman from 1973 to 1985, Pillsbury bought some of America’s most well-known brands, including Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Green Giant frozen vegetables and Godfather’s Pizza.
 Almost five months later, it was bought by Grand Metropolitan Plc, now part of London-based Diageo Plc.
 He also helped expand the Burger King fast-food chain, which Pillsbury bought in 1967.
 While foreigners bought the maximum daily amount of mainland shares allowed on the link’s debut, inflows have since slowed and Mirae Asset Global Investments (HK) Ltd.
 Concerns over ownership rights of shares bought through the link and a requirement for international investors to deliver stocks to a broker before markets open if they plan to sell have curbed participation, according to Nick Ronalds, the managing director for equities at the Asia Securities Industry & Financial Markets Association.
 The Micex’s 14-day relative strength index rose to 71 today, above the threshold of 70 that some analysts see as a signal a security is overbought.
 In their complaint, the Karrens said they named their vineyard Terra de Promissio when they bought the land in 1999.
 “Investors will be happy about it” Nestle has owned Davigel since it bought the unit’s parent company, pasta and pizza maker Buitoni in the late 1980s.
 Since then Alstom SA bought Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc’s tidal generation-unit and DCNS SA bought a majority stake in OpenHydro Group Ltd, an Irish developer.
 Schlumberger bought a 20 percent stake in Anton in July 2012 for HK$635 million ($82 million).
 P&G bought the razor maker in 2005 in a $57 billion deal that Buffett supported.
 In the past two years, he has bought four properties in Ireland, which his ancestors left in the 1830s.
 “We used to make reasonably good revenue growth each year, and that’s why Telefonica bought us, and the market has just slowed to a crawl,” said Charlotte Patrick, a former O2 manager who now works for researcher Gartner Inc.
 “One could argue that the set-up of these properties enhances the educational experience” Candlebrook bought the residences from Trinitas, a closely held developer of student housing based in Lafayette, Indiana, that continues to own properties in Indiana, Illinois and North Carolina, and has five projects with 3,000 beds under development.
 The Dutch deepwater-oilfield surveyor said it wants to continue as an independent company after Boskalis Westminster NV bought an unsolicited stake of 148 percent.
 “Then you can generate cash to fund your exploration assets” Drilling Wells SacOil bought the Egypt assets on Sept.
 Sun Capital Partners Inc, a Boca Raton, Florida-based private-equity firm, bought Boston Market from McDonald’s in 2007, after it filed for bankruptcy in 1998.
 The company bought the adjoining property from a unit of the Royal Bank of Scotland Plc in 2012.
 After its biggest ever acquisition in 2007 when it bought Atlanta-based aluminum sheet maker Novelis Inc.
 Global investors bought a net $171 million of local shares on Nov.
 Allergan argued that Pershing Square bought the shares knowing a tender offer was unavoidable.
 Lisbon-based debt agency IGCP said it bought 240 million euros of bonds due in October 2015, 553 million euros of bonds maturing in February 2016 and 955 million euros of bonds due in October 2016.
 Japanese investors bought a net 113 trillion yen of global equities and debt this year, finance ministry data show.
 The Dutch lender inherited a 10 percent stake in Vysya Bank when it bought Belgium’s Bank Brussels Lambert SA in 1998.
 It raised that investment to 20 percent in November 1999 and bought Vysya shares from India’s GMR Group in June 2002 to increase its holding to about 43 percent.
 Carlyle, the world’s second-largest manager of investment alternatives to stocks and bonds, bought the stake through its sub-Saharan Africa Fund as the Nigerian lender held a rights offer, Diamond Bank said today in an e-mailed statement.
 offshore equipment company OEG Offshore Ltd, which KKR bought in July, is the first of those investments, they said.
 He says he bought shares of MagicJack about a year ago, and took some profits as the stock rallied 78 percent in the first three months of the year.
 The gauge’s relative-strength index stayed above 70, seen as an overbought threshold by some investors, for seven days through yesterday, on bets that the central bank may cut borrowing costs.
 Global investors bought a net $74 million of local shares on Nov.
 bought a 30 percent stake in the port for $250 million this year.
 bought the course earlier this year and brought it back to life.
 The fund also bought into Apache Corp.
 The company also recognized 68 million rand of impairments relating to its acquisition of Deli Foods, a biscuit manufacturer in Africa’s largest economy, which it bought 2011.
 Tiger, which makes Jungle Oats and All Gold tomato sauce, bought a 635 percent stake in Dangote Flour Mills from Dangote Industries Ltd.
 “If you don’t have a certain rating, they kick you off the shelf” Paulson had said that he bought 84 million shares of Genworth in early 2013 at an average cost of $767 apiece.
 An Abu Dhabi government fund bought Temasek-backed chipmaker Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd.
 who bought one last week.
 Local Demand Non-Russians working in the country are also opting to buy iPhones locally, whereas previously they bought them when visiting their homelands, said Alexander Malis, chief executive officer of Euroset, a handset retailer co-owned by mobile-phone operators OAO MegaFon and VimpelCom Ltd.
 “There’s a huge risk that consumers will buy what they would have bought anyway, just for less,” Bubb said.
 The Saudi sale was restricted to local retail investors and the public pension fund, which bought 200 million shares.
 The company, which bought Australian courier Mail Call in June, may announce a new transaction next quarter.
 Vedanta bought Skorpion from Anglo American Plc as part of a $134 billion purchase of its zinc assets including Gamsberg and the Lisheen operation in Ireland, completing the transaction in 2010.
 Nordstrom may still draw consumers who bought doorbuster deals on electronics and toys, while waiting for apparel from the department-store chain.
 The private-equity and hedge fund manager bought Lewisville, Texas-based Nationstar in 2006, spending about $400 million of equity, and boosted its investment to $849 million in 2007 to shore up the company’s finances when the mortgage market deteriorated.
 Ocwen, which hasn’t bought any rights since Lawsky blocked its $39 billion deal with Wells Fargo & Co.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Leucadia National Corp, the biggest shareholder of Harbinger Group Inc, bought another 5 million shares of the firm, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.
 It bought about $150 million today in a bid to weaken the currency further, according to Yariv Shalev, a currency dealer at Mercantile Discount Bank in Tel Aviv.
 Global funds bought a net $802 million of local shares yesterday.
 In July, Blackstone Group LP, the world’s biggest manager of alternative assets, bought about 64 billion euros of mortgages concentrated in the region of Catalonia from CatalunyaCaixa SA for 36 billion euros.
 Small unmanned helicopters and fixed-wing planes, which can be bought at hobby shops and online for less than $1,000 and require little training to fly, are testing the FAA’s ability to police the skies.
 “We see the big banks, the telcos and quality retailers with strong cash flows outperforming the market” The Jakarta index has risen 20 percent this year as foreign investors bought a net $42 billion of Indonesian equities.
 It bought as much as $85 billion of bonds a month to hold down long-term borrowing rates and spur economic growth.
 Later in the program, the assets will be bought in a “decentralized manner by the eurosystem central banks,” it said.
 Uralkali became the largest potash producer in 2011, when it bought Russian competitor OAO Silvinit.
 Yimin Ge bought bonds from other firms with “an understanding that her counterparty would repurchase the security within a short time frame,” and on at least one occasion engaged in the opposite practice, according to an agreement accepted by Finra on Oct.
 became ETI’s largest shareholder in October when it bought a 20 percent stake for $493 million.
 That company bought more than 1,300 properties starting in 2012 and was sold in July for $263 million in debt and equity to American Homes 4 Rent, the largest single-family landlord after Blackstone.
 South Korea bought at least one of the cargoes.
 Vitol bought a cargo of processed condensate from BHP Billiton, a person familiar with the deal said today.
 “The one problem in the market right now is that investors haven’t fully bought into SOE reforms,” said Wong.
 GlaxoSmithKline Plc bought Okairos last year and is now developing the vaccine.
 bought the General Motors Building in New York for a record $28 billion in 2008, according to Real Capital Analytics Inc.
 Canadian investors bought stakes in properties worth $83 billion this year through Sept.
 GM Building Last year, the families of Chinese real estate developer Zhang Xin and Brazilian banking billionaire Moise Safra bought a 40 percent stake in the GM Building in a transaction that valued the 50-story tower at about $34 billion.
 The two bought their stakes from a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 The first portion of that came when it bought a a $10 million American Apparel loan held by Lion Capital LLP that was at risk of default.
 Cadiz Asset Management, which oversees about 34 billion rand of investments, bought Abil’s bonds before it collapsed and was also listed as a shareholder, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Not long before the 2006 Magnit initial public offering that established him as a billionaire, he bought himself a red Ferrari.
 “The best-case scenario for the market right now would be a mid-1 percent to 2 percent pull back to work off the over-bought condition,” Maley wrote in an e-mail yesterday.
 New York-based Jana, which is known for taking stakes in companies and then urging management to make changes to boost the stock price, bought 12 million shares of San Jose, California-based EBay, bringing the value of its position in the company to $7398 million as of Sept.
 China National United Oil Co, a unit of the country’s biggest energy company, bought a record of about 21 million barrels of Middle East oil in October, according to data compiled by Bloomberg from a pricing window organized by Platts, a unit of McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Global investors bought a net $37 million of local shares on Nov.
 Leucadia National Corp, already the biggest single owner of Harbinger Group, bought an additional 5 million shares at $1290 each, bringing Leucadia’s stake to about 23 percent, the firm said in a regulatory filing today.
 Since June, the Frankfurt-based central bank has cut interest rates, offered long-term loans to banks and bought covered bonds and asset-backed securities.
 With the acquisition of the 182-megawatt project in Carson County, Pattern now owns 11 wind farms with a total capacity of almost 15 gigawatts, including the adjacent 172-megawatt Panhandle 1 project bought earlier this year, according to a statement today.
 “The market had risen too much yesterday and today as investors bought into the speculation of the tax increase delay,” said Takuya Takahashi, a senior strategist at Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
 The central bank bought $396 trillion of bonds through three rounds of QE and more than quadrupled its assets to $45 trillion.
 In July, Liberty Global bought a 64 percent stake in ITV Plc, the UK’s biggest commercial broadcaster with top-rated shows such as “Downton Abbey,” from Rupert Murdoch’s British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc.
 Consumers bought more clothing and home goods, and the company is “excited” about prospects for the holiday season, Greg Foran, chief executive officer of the company’s US.
 bought about $36 million of Alibaba.
 One customer, Drai’s staffers won’t say who, bought 700 bottles on a visit in September.
 bought one cargo from Mitsui for November delivery and is seeking more, an official at the South Korean refiner said last month.
 The Austrian state holding company, Telekom Austria’s second main owner, bought about 28 percent of the shares, also keeping its stake steady.
 Minority owners bought 255 million shares.
 In Washington, President Barack Obama ventured out with his daughters yesterday to the Politics & Prose bookstore, where they bought 17 books ranging from children’s and young-adult fiction to National Book Award winner “Age of Ambition” by Evan Osnos and Joseph Conrad’s classic “Heart of Darkness” The trip was aimed at encouraging consumers to patronize small businesses on what has become increasingly known as “Small Business Saturday” Online Sales Although most retailers won’t report holiday results until January, some data on e-commerce sales already is available.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- ING Vysya Bank Ltd, the only Indian lender controlled by an overseas company, surged to a record in Mumbai stock trading after a report that it will be bought by Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
 The lender inherited a 10 percent stake in Vysya Bank when it bought Belgium’s Bank Brussels Lambert SA in 1998.
 It raised that investment to 20 percent in November 1999, and bought Vysya shares from India’s GMR Group in June 2002 to increase its holding to 4399 percent from 20 percent.
 It bought a majority stake in Scanmed Multimedis of Poland in April.
 Bond said the toymakers encouraged him to write a story featuring Paddington’s rubber boots after they bought boots to help the toy stand up, according to the Drum.
 Investors bought up the notes at lower coupons than the average paid by Internet companies on convertible debt since 2009, Bloomberg data show.
 International investors bought about 26 billion yuan ($4247 million) of Shanghai shares out of the 13 billion yuan daily limit under the link today, while mainland investors used 24% percent of their 10 billion yuan quota for Hong Kong stocks.
 Allergan argued that Pershing Square bought the shares knowing a tender offer was unavoidable.
 “The markets are overbought in the short term” Hero MotoCorp decreased 17 percent, the most since Oct.
 Global investors bought a net $3105 million of domestic shares on Oct.
 mortgage and savings bank, which bought nationalized Northern Rock Plc in 2011, delayed its IPO Oct.
 Foreign investors bought a net 106 trillion yen ($92 billion) of Japanese stocks last week, the most in a year, according to figures released by the Ministry of Finance today.
 It takes like a challenger to come in and say, ‘Why are you doing it this way?’” It’s not easy transforming a company that employs more than 430,000 people with a team that numbered 700 when SoftLayer was bought.
 Strauss-Kahn Scandal Strauss-Kahn, 65, bought a stake in Leyne’s investment-banking and asset-management company, Luxembourg-based Anatevka SA, last year as part of an effort to rebuild his post-IMF life after a scandal dashed his chance to run for the French presidency.
 Nestle SA said the country drove its eastern European growth, as consumers bought more candy and coffee, while Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc CEO Rakesh Kapoor said the country did well and the Dettol maker had “surprisingly” seen no significant slowdown in its categories.
 Under her leadership, the lender bought St.
 Yahoo bought Tumblr last year for about $1 billion.
 Sustainable Power Group and Camborne Capital bought the panels, which are expected to be installed before a March 31 deadline to qualify for renewable obligation certificates, Changzhou-based Trina said today in a statement.
 Since June, the Frankfurt-based ECB has cut interest rates, offered long-term loans to banks and bought covered bonds and asset-backed securities.
 CEO Paul van Riel bought 12,000 shares for 1019 euros apiece on Nov.
 4, while CFO Paul Verhagen bought 6,000 shares for 1003 euros apiece the same day, according to filings posted on the financial-markets regulator AFM’s website.
 Fugro Director Walter Scott Rainey bought 7,500 shares for 954 euros apiece, a separate filing showed.
 “Management bought the shares to show it’s confident about the company’s strength and its long-term future,” Rob Luijnenburg, a spokesman for the company, said by telephone.
 Leucadia National Corp, already the biggest single owner of Harbinger Group, bought an additional 5 million shares, bringing Leucadia’s stake to about 22 percent, according to a person with knowledge of the matter, who asked not to be identified because the purchase hasn’t been publicly disclosed.
 African Bank, which bought Ellerine in 2008 to boost its lending operations, loaned too much money to people who couldn’t afford to pay it back and the lender collapsed in August as losses mounted.
 The Rio de Janeiro-based company paid $12 billion in two installments, in 2006 and in 2012, for the Pasadena refinery that Transcor Astra Group SA had bought for $425 million in 2005.
 Just hours before the company’s Marampa Mine in Sierra Leone was set to close, it was bought by Timis Corp, the administrators said on Nov.
 TVN has already bought 100 million zloty of shares under the program and announced a further 150 million-zloty buyback this month.
 Global investors bought a net $357 million of domestic shares on Nov.
 She bought a German Kaercher vacuum cleaner for the same reason.
 The financial crisis -- during which the fund has bought up cheap securities everyone else was selling -- has challenged truths about investment management, monetary policy, the economy and the financial markets, he said.
 The company bought Allied Irish Banks Plc’s one-time investment management business last year from South Africa’s Prescient Holdings Ltd.
 In a flurry of activity since June, the Frankfurt-based ECB has cut interest rates, offered long-term loans to banks and bought covered bonds and asset-backed securities.
 The gauge has climbed to a record five times this month as foreigners have bought $13 billion of shares on optimism slowing inflation amid declining energy prices will allow the central bank to cut interest rates.
 ‘Right Signals’ Global investors bought a net $123 million of shares yesterday, taking this year’s inflow to $155 billion, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 The facility that Apple bought a year ago to house GT Advanced’s operations had been a failed solar panel factory, which in turn was built near a former General Motors test track.
 climbed 34 percent today, the most in the KBW Bank Index, after Chief Executive Officer Gary Crosby and other senior managers bought shares of the lender this week.
 Crosby acquired 10,000 shares of the Buffalo, New York-based firm for $776 each and Chief Financial Officer Gregory Norwood bought an equal number for $760 apiece, according to regulatory filings yesterday.
 Executive Vice President Joe Saffire acquired 10,000 shares and board member Carlton Highsmith bought 15,000 shares, filings show.
 In April, the $52 billion company bought Apartmentscom, a rental resource website that links to RealPage’s database.
 In 1998, some movie fans bought tickets to a Brad Pitt feature, “Meet Joe Black,” only to see a trailer for “The Phantom Menace” “Trailers have always had this kind of hold on the fans,” said Robert Marich, who recounts the Pitt episode in his book “Marketing to Moviegoers” “The fans, the geeks, the aficionados, they are trend setters, they’re plugged in online.
 Production has expanded since Canadian Natural bought assets from Devon Energy Corp.
 In addition to Allergan and Salix, Actavis was said to have been a potential acquirer of Omega Pharma NV, which agreed today to be bought by Perrigo Co.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Formation Capital LLC has bought more than 220 UK.
 The insurer bought an additional 35 million euro note for its own account.
 Greenlight said the Hopkinton, Massachusetts-based firm is trading at a “sizeable discount to the sum of its parts” The hedge-fund firm said it made a “medium-sized” investment in EMC and bought at an average price of $2579.
 Consol Stake Greenlight said that it also bought a stake in energy company Consol Energy Inc.
 Creditors that have bought claims against Iceland’s failedbanks include hedge funds Davidson Kempner Capital ManagementLLC and Taconic Capital Advisors LP.
 Kyle Bass’s Hayman Capital Management LP bought a $792 million stake in the third quarter on speculation the energy company will be the main beneficiary of capital inflows when the legal dispute is resolved, he said last week.
 “If the bundle were to break up, which we don’t foresee happening anytime soon, we are very well positioned to move very quickly to take advantage of a broadband-only universe or a la carte universe because of the strength of our brands and the programming rights we bought,” Iger said.
 It has also bought companies with fixed or TV infrastructure, such as Kabel Deutschland Holding AG in Germany and Grupo Corporativo Ono SA in Spain.
 Its shares have rallied 41 percent in 2014, the 33rd biggest gain in the S&P 500, as the company bought back shares and extended a streak of beating analyst earnings estimates to eight quarters.
 Geveran on Friday bought 256 million shares in Norwegian Property for about 256 million kroner ($38 million) and will offer to buy the rest within four weeks, the company said in a statement today.
 Hedge funds bought the bulk of the $35 billion sale when it priced in March.
 The Sensex has closed at a record six times this month as foreigners bought $18 billion of domestic shares, the biggest inflow since July.
 When Dell bought data-analytics company StatSoft Inc.
 Last year, Americans bought 318 million pounds of ham during November and December, or 50 percent of the annual total, according to IRI, a Chicago-based market research firm.
 The gauge has closed at an all-time high five times this month as foreigners bought $15 billion of shares amid optimism the central bank may lower interest rates as inflation slows.
 Its 14-day relative-strength index stayed above 70, seen an overbought threshold by some investors, on 10 of the past 11 days.
 The S&P BSE Sensex is the best performer among the world’s 30 biggest markets this year as foreigners have bought $154 billion of shares, the most among Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, on bets Prime Minister Narendra Modi will take steps to bolster growth.
 It’s the first of a trilogy to be released from Burbank, California-based Disney since it bought Lucasfilm Ltd.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- ICAP Plc Chief Executive Officer Michael Spencer bought more shares in the company as the value of his stake fell by at least 46 million pounds ($72 million).
 IPGL Ltd, a connected party to Spencer, bought 250,000 shares priced at 39595 pence apiece with a value of about 1 million pounds, London-based ICAP said in a statement today.
 The company today confirmed it bought the hearing-aid business of Siemens AG for an enterprise value of 215 billion euros, together with the Struengmann family.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazoncom Inc, has started utilizing his e-commerce retailer to help bolster the newspaper he bought last year with an application exclusively available on Kindle Fire tablets.
 Richemont bought the location two years earlier for $375 million.
 “Frank Timis still holds the keys to Marampa, which he bought for a song from London Mining’s administrators,” Numis wrote.
 Efforts are under way to make chocolate cheap and abundant -- in the process inadvertently rendering it as tasteless as today’s store-bought tomatoes, yet another food, along with chicken and strawberries, that went from flavorful to forgettable on the road to plenitude.
 Wage Growth “The companies that benefit are being bought, and those that don’t are being ignored,” Ayako Sera, a market strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Ltd, which has 39 trillion yen in assets, said by phone Nov.
 Gatwick Growth The airline said today that it plans to expand at Gatwick, its biggest base, by about 10 percent in the first half using the 25 pairs of takeoff and landing slots bought from Flybe Group Plc last year.
 The investment bank bought Embraer SA’s stock in 2006 before the planemaker announced changes to its capital and corporate governance structure that would allow it to trade on the Novo Mercado, a section of the BM&FBovespa with higher standards of corporate governance.
 Overbought Market “There will still be more leeway to go for the market because the overall monetary policy has slightly changed to support growth,” said Kelvin Wong, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Bank Julius Baer & Co, which has about $296 billion under management.
 While the Shanghai market is “overbought,” the timing of the peak may depend on whether the nation’s central bank cuts interest rates further, said Hao Hong, managing director of China research at Bocom International Holdings Co.
 Mall Shuffle Land Securities sold its stakes in malls in Bristol, Exeter and Sunderland and bought part of better-performing shopping centers in Glasgow and Kent, according to the statement.
 “We bought the 50 percent of Glasgow we didn’t own, so we have two potential shopping-center developments there which will be a few hundred million” Land Securities won’t proceed with a venture it discussed with Anschutz Entertainment Group Inc.
 12 auction at Christie’s, where he bought one of the artist’s white paintings for $114 million.
 producers bought derivatives that protect them against declining prices.
 Lampert’s ESL Partners hedge fund bought almost half of the block.
 The largest university endowment bought positions in companies including Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP, Dresser-Rand Group Inc.
 Rex Energy Stanford, whose endowment was valued of $214 billion as of August, bought shares of Rex Energy Corp.
 Stanford also bought shares in YPF SA and Petrobras Argentina SA, with a market value of $111 million as of Sept.
 Batelco bought 96 percent of Umniah for $415 million in 2006, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 bought the Gherkin from Swiss Re for 600 million pounds in 2007.
 The endowment, valued at $214 billion as of August, bought shares of Rex Energy Corp.
 Stanford also bought shares in YPF SA and Petrobras Argentina SA, with a market value of $111 million as of Sept.
 Bluestar bought Elkem in 2011 for $2 billion and has production facilities in Europe, the Americas and Asia.
 in Charlotte and Winston-Salem, and bought Breland Homes, a builder in Alabama and Mississippi, in August 2012 for an undisclosed amount.
 Telefonica’s venture in China dates back to 2005, when the Spanish company, under Chief Executive Officer Cesar Alierta, bought 299 percent of China Netcom Group Corp.
 The mine was purchased by Cliffs when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd, at a time when iron ore fetched more than $160 a metric ton.
 BBVA bought a 249 percent stake in Garanti for $58 billion in November 2010, purchasing shares from Dogus and General Electric Co.
 Daimler in September bought the mytaxi and RideScout apps, stepping up an expansion into transport services.
 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Asia’s largest Internet company, bought about 17 percent of Youku Tudou earlier this year.
 It’s the premier diamond producer in the world” Anglo bought the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in De Beers for $51 billion in 2012, increasing its holding to 85 percent and ending the dynasty’s 80-year ownership.
 Larrea has bought more than 18 million shares in Southern Copper since July 30, including 1 million over a three-day period, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 last week, bought back more than 12 million shares this year, according to US.
 In the same month, Qatar National Bank bought more than 20 percent of Togo-based Ecobank Transnational Inc, which operates in Nigeria and another 35 African countries.
 London-based Prudential Plc bought life insurer Shield Assurance Co.
 Ads bought in advance on cable networks this year fell for the first time since 2009, according to Paul Sweeney, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence.
 Throughout the 1990s, Drahi bought and sold cable companies, deals that eventually led to the creation of Numericable, alongside buyout firm Cinven Group Ltd.
 Vodafone bought Cable & Wireless Worldwide Plc in 2012.
 Vodafone said it investigated the “past history of Cable & Wireless compliance” from before they bought the company and didn’t find evidence that would back up the claims.
 Greenko Dutch BV, which issued the bonds, bought the rupee-denominated debt, he said.
 Foreigners have bought $892 million of shares this month on optimism the central bank may lower interest rates as falling oil prices help ease price pressures.
 Foreign investors bought $621 million of shares on Nov.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Kyle Bass’s Hayman Capital Management LP bought a stake in YPF SA on speculation the Argentine state-run energy company will be the main beneficiary of capital once a legal conflict with creditors is resolved.
 Hayman bought 21 million YPF American depositary receipts, or $792 million, to take a 054 percent stake in the Buenos Aires-based company as of Sept.
 Stanford University’s endowment bought shares in YPF and Petrobras Argentina SA with a market value of $111 million as of Sept.
 Falling Short International investors bought the maximum amount ofShanghai-listed shares permitted to them on Stock Connect’sopening day.
 Seventeen months later, Goldman Sachs and Bridge Street bought more stock in T2’s IPO.
 The San Francisco-based brokerage was sued by Andrew Cuomo in 2009, when he was attorney general, on behalf of investors who bought the securities.
 Foreigners bought $129 million of index options Nov.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 162 percent, versus an average of 189 percent for the past 10 auctions.
 Pagano Jr, said in a statement that buying AERCO complements its commercial market portfolio and “will allow us to expand our product breadth” Riverside bought AERCO in 2007.
 A private Hong Kong collector bought yesterday’s diamond, which was consigned to Sotheby’s by the estate of American socialite Rachel “Bunny” Mellon.
 “Technically, we are on a solid ground for the long term” Global investors bought a net $2021 million of local shares yesterday, taking this year’s inflow to $158 billion, the most among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 The company bought the 50 percent of FTSE International that it didn’t already own in December 2011, and completed its purchase of a majority stake in clearinghouse LCHClearnet Group Ltd.
 regulators over accusations that Direct Edge, the stock exchange operator it bought in January, gave unfair advantages to high-frequency traders, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 He bought Goodrich Corp.
 Shares in both companies have rallied since last year after Pershing and other hedge funds bought the securities, reaching a value of more than $5 in March.
 They’ll then tell the merger arb managers about the bond’s characteristics and where it can be bought.
 “The market has taken the idea of a delay in raising the sales tax as a positive, so stocks have been bought and dollar-yen has risen,” said Masato Yanagiya, head of foreign exchange and money trading at Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp.
 Enel bought the stake in Slovenske Elektrarne, which covers 80 percent of Slovakia’s electricity demand, in 2006.
 It’s one of the many signals of a more assertive India and one that takes terrorism very seriously” India, the world’s largest weapons buyer, has bought 41 billion rupees ($662 million) of Israeli arms since Modi took power six months ago.
 A joint venture in which Vornado owns a 75 percent stake bought the retail condominium of the St.
 “The policy and political transition that India has could likely lead to a shift in its trajectory of growth” The Sensex has advanced for five straight weeks as global funds bought $154 billion of shares, the most in Asia, and on speculation easing price pressures has given the central bank more room to cut borrowing costs at its policy review on Dec.
 The fund bought 192 million shares -- about 24 percent of AOL -- during the third quarter, according to a filing today with the US.
 Shaw, a hedge fund company founded by billionaire David Shaw, bought James River for about $575 million in 2007 and now owns 726 percent, with New York-based Goldman Sachs holding 263 percent.
 Simon bought 571 million shares of Macerich this year and may request that Macerich waive a provision that restricts ownership to 5 percent, the real estate investment trust said in a statement today.
 Ontario Pension Macerich said two days ago that it bought the share of five US.
 It has also bought a swap to protect against risks of policyholders living longer.
 “We do think there is a rebasing of the level of competition in Australia, and we will continue to spend as we need to” SAB bought Australia’s Foster’s Group Ltd.
 Hearts on Fire The Hong Kong-based maker of gold chains and pearl earrings bought diamond jewelery seller Hearts on Fire for $150 million in August to expand its product offerings.
 “Bank officials are confident about formalizing a future acquisition of a bank or loan portfolios that will add value to the bank” OeVAG’s Romanian business was the only part shunned by OAO Sberbank when the Russian bank bought OeVAG’s eastern European unit in 2012.
 David Schafer, a fund manager, bought the company in 2003.
 Berkshire became one of P&G’s biggest investors in 2005 when it bought Gillette Co, the razor maker in which Buffett had a stake.
 The ball is in their court” Banned Payments The central bank banned paying for some imports, including electronics, generators and telecommunications equipment, using foreign-exchange bought at biweekly auctions, according to a circular posted on the Abuja-based regulator’s website today.
 “A relatively savvy investor has just bought Duracell,” Stephen Powers, a New York-based analyst at UBS AG said in a phone interview.
 “The sterling market is totally undersupplied so this is quite a rare beast,” said Norval Loftus, chief investment officer at Allegra Asset Management (UK) Ltd, who said he bought some of the securities for his clients.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Highfields Capital Management LP, the management firm run by Jonathon Jacobson, bought shares of energy company Enbridge Inc.
 The Boston-based firm bought 63 million shares in Enbridge that were valued at $3017 million as of Sept.
 The hedge fund bought 6 million shares of discount store Dollar Tree in the quarter, bringing its stake in the company to $474 million, according to the filing.
 It bought as much as $85 billion of bonds a month to hold down long-term borrowing rates and spur growth.
 Since ChemChina bought its stake in October 2011, Adama has sought to increase its business in emerging markets, from where much of the industry’s growth is expected to come, it said.
 2010, BBVA bought a 249 percent stake in Garanti from Dogus Holding and General Electric Co.
 The Nigerian gauge’s 14-day relative strength index is trading below the 30 level seen by some traders as overbought for a seventh day.
 Also in 2012, Wanda bought AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc, the second-largest US.
 Foreigners bought $238 million of shares on Nov.
 Telefonica bought the unit for 177 billion pounds in 2005.
 The Newbury, England-based company bought Grupo Corporativo Ono SA in Spain this year and Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG in 2013.
 The producer bought the mine in May 2011 when iron ore fetched more than $160 a metric ton.
 Indirect bidders bought 65 percent of the notes, the most since December 2004, with US.
 Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 99 percent of the notes, versus an average of 137 percent at the past 10 auctions.
 bought the Four Seasons for A$340 million and Singapore-based Frasers Centrepoint Ltd.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Hostess Brands LLC, the Twinkie maker bought out of bankruptcy last year, may go up for sale early in 2015, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Green Investment Bank bought a 240 million-pound ($378 million) stake in a wind farm off Britain’s east coast from Statoil ASA and Statkraft AS.
 The units bought through MYV Mutuos Hipotecarios cost between $33,000 and $62,000.
 United bought its first secondhand planes, two Boeing 737-700s, last quarter.
 Consumer Spending Consumers bought more clothing and home goods, and thecompany is “excited” about prospects for the holiday season,said Greg Foran, chief executive officer of the company’s USdivision, said on a Nov.
 All three shares extended losses today as Hong Kong stock purchases through the link have so far totaled about 26 billion yuan ($419 million), less than 15 percent of the amount bought by foreign investors in Shanghai.
 In France, cable operator Altice SA in April bought SFR, the country’s second-largest mobile carrier, in a $23 billion deal.
 In Germany, the region’s largest economy, Telefonica bought Royal KPN NV’s local unit, E-Plus, for $11 billion.
 At an auction yesterday of $35 billion in five-year debt, indirect bidders bought 65 percent of the securities, the most since December 2004.
 solar manufacturer, bought SolarBridge Technologies Inc.
 BBVA bought a 249 percent stake in Garanti for $58 billion in Nov.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- David Warren’s DW Investment Management LP bought the biggest piece of a loan that helped RadioShack Corp.
 Russia’s central bank bought about 150 metric tons of gold this year, Governor Elvira Nabiullina told lawmakers today.
 It indicates the nation bought 35 tons since the end of September.
 She estimates only about 10 percent of goods and services bought by euro-zone households are purchased from outside the currency bloc.
 It also bought nontraded REITs that were started by AR Capital, buying American Realty Capital Trust III for more than $2 billion in cash and stock, and American Realty Capital Trust IV in a deal valued at $31 billion when it was announced.
 OeVAG’s Romanian business was the only part shunned by OAO Sberbank when the Russian bank bought OeVAG’s eastern European unit in 2012.
 Wal-Mart three years ago bought a controlling stake for 165 billion rand ($15 billion) in Johannesburg-based Massmart Holdings Ltd, which owns Game and 10 other chains.
 Though Livingston had bought me apillow, the lawnmower-like sound of a power unit, the rumble ofidling rigs and the whooshing of traffic made relaxationimpossible.
 After driving 975 hours to bring the 2,520-mile six-dayrun full circle, she parked in Battle Creek and began weekenderrands at a food market, where she bought green peppers for theguinea pigs.
 International investors bought $659 million of Indian stocks on Dec.
 Silver Lake, a New York-based private equity firm, bought IPC in 2006 from Goldman Sachs Group’s private-equity arm for about $800 million.
 The last acquisition was in 2010 when ICICI Bank, India’s largest private-sector lender by assets, bought Bank of Rajasthan Ltd.
 Deal Windfall For investors who bought Avanir shares before May, when they were trading at or below $5 apiece, Otsuka’s offer may be just fine.
 When crude falls, airlines lose money on the contracts but benefit from cheaper jet kerosene bought on the spot market.
 Radian said in August that it bought $100 million of default protection on an MBIA Inc.
 The government disposed of 20 percent of SAA to Swissair in 1999 and bought it back in 2002 when the European carrier went bankrupt.
 Nkand allegedly mortgaged several company buildings for his personal benefit and bought used mining equipment from an unknown South African company for an “exorbitant amount,” according to a statement by the company’s board of directors.
 And he bought a company that runs exchange-traded funds, a rapidly expanding area of the industry, and plans to start an ETF run by Gross.
 regional banks have increasingly bought pieces of rivals instead of acquiring whole firms to avoid the increased regulatory scrutiny of too-big-to-fail lenders.
 EP Energy was bought by New York-based Apollo and others for $715 billion in May 2012 and taken public early this year.
 The Hong Kong-based maker of gold chains and pearl earrings bought diamond jewelery seller Hearts on Fire for $150 million in August to expand its product offerings.
 About a third of new loans last year were bought by mutual funds, up from 15 percent in 2012, according to Loan Syndications & Trading Association data.
 Wesley is one of the hardest workers I’ve known” Vesta says the group’s consolidation “salvaged a lot of businesses,” including Smithfield Beef, which he headed before JBS bought it.
 ECB Purchases While the ECB has previously bought sovereign debt under its now-defunct Securities Market Program, it has thus far stopped short of the full-scale quantitative easing used by its counterparts in the US, UK.
 It has bought 178 billion euros of covered bonds since the plan started in October, the ECB said.
 The class-action case is led by two iPod customers who seek more than $1 billion in damages for as many as 8 million other consumers who bought the devices from 2006 to 2009.
 With the move in China overnight, it looked like early weakness in JD as well as BABA was bought” Foreigners Buying Investors had bought mainland stocks after China opened up its Shanghai market to more foreigners last month by linking up with the Hong Kong exchange.
 The “Star Wars” package underscores why Disney bought Maker for $500 million in May.
 Cubist Loses Bid to Block Hospira Generic Version of Cubicin Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc, the drugmaker being bought by Merck & Co.
 “Bimbo should be able to decentralize Saputo’s production from Quebec by strategically allocating production through its Canada Bread production plants in the various regions in Canada” Bimbo bought Canada Bread Co.
 Audi Savings Alexei, a banker for a top Russian bank, who declined to give his full name, bought an Audi A7 coupe in November.
 Alfa had bought up 19 percent of Bogota-basedPacific Rubiales’s shares in the months before the venture wasdisclosed.
 Carlyle, the second-biggest manager of alternative assets such as private equity holdings and hedge funds, bought a 55 percent stake in Claren Road in 2010.
 co-founder Chris Hughes bought the New Republic, which was founded in 1914 to cover US.
 Patrizia may sell shares for the first time in GBW Gruppe, the Bavarian rental-home owner it bought for one of its institutional funds in 2013 for 25 billion euros ($31 billion), Bernd Janssen, head of research at Frankfurt-based Victoria Partners said in an interview yesterday.
 Obvious Exit “An IPO is one obvious exit for Patrizia” because it would allow the pension funds and insurance companies who bought GBW through a Patrizia fund to cash in on part of their investment, Janssen said.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Alisher Usmanov, Russia’s richest man, bought the Nobel Prize medal of American biologist James Watson at a Christie’s auction and plans to return it.
 The company last year bought Master Blenders, the Amsterdam-based maker of Douwe Egberts, for about 75 billion euros ($93 billion), the industry’s biggest deal ever.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc, the drugmaker being bought by Merck & Co.
 Loews bought a hotel near the Chicago O’Hare International Airport from InterContinental in July, and is scheduled to open a separate downtown property next year.
 Bullion is bought for weddings as part of the bridal trousseau and gifts.
 Residential Capital Ocwen became subject to the 2012 accord last year when it bought the servicing business of Residential Capital LLC, a unit of one of the banks that agreed to pay $25 billion over improper foreclosures.
 Before that, it bought most of its cars from automakers that agreed to buy them back at a set age and price.
 The trader has worked at JPMorgan since 2008, after spending about a year at Bear Stearns Co, the securities firm bought by the bank that year with assistance from the Federal Reserve, according to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority records.
 It also ordered dollars bought from banks by foreign-currency dealers to be used within 48 hours or sold back to the regulator.
 Workers accused the company of subjecting them to excessive fees and leaving those investing in its stock fund with returns that were worse than if they had bought shares on the open market.
 An adult ticket bought cost 55 dirhams, or about $15.
 Bonds Fall Several of those bond sales have been a disaster for investors who bought them.
 State Street’s ETF bought $292 million of those bonds, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 It’s probably a good time to figure out what exactly is in that ETF you bought.
 LSE bought Frank Russell primarily for its index business, which manages benchmark equity gauges including the Russell 2000 Index.
 Foreigners have bought $163 billion of shares, the highest among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg, after Japan.
 and ToyArsenalcom, were found to have violated a New York ban on selling certain toy guns, mostly by shipping products bought online to customers in the state, Schneiderman said.
 Goldman Sachs bought the business, Metro International Trade Services LLC, for $451 million, documents released last month by the US.
 If Covance decided to make an acquisition rather than be bought, “Goldman Sachs would lose” lucrative engagement fees, according to the suit.
 Hong Kong’s Wharf Holdings Ltd, which bought shares in Greentown in 2012, will continue to hold 24 percent of the Chinese developer, while Greentown Chief Executive Officer Shou Bainian will have his stake cut by half to 81 percent.
 The insurer has bought businesses in Brazil, Thailand and Mexico in recent years.
 Allianz bought Novato, California-based Fireman’s Fund in 1991 for more than $3 billion in cash in a push to expand sales in the US.
 Billionaire David Shaw’s hedge fund bought James River for more than $560 million in 2007 and retained a majority stake in the Bermuda-based company after the IPO.
 The bank didn’t send prospectuses on 160 ETFs bought by clients in late 2010, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority said today in a document on its website.
 In September, Morgan Stanley said it failed to make mutual fund prospectuses accessible online and would absorb some losses incurred by customers who bought the funds.
 His firm bought the property in November for $309 million, more than twice what the previous owner paid six months earlier in a bankruptcy auction, he said.
 In November 2009, Haitong bought a majority stake in Hong Kong’s Taifook Securities Co.
 Foreigners have bought $168 billion of domestic stocks in 2014.
 lender, bought a majority stake in Highbridge in 2004 for more than $13 billion and increased its ownership over the next five years.
 Lockheed is fighting claims its mismanagement of retirement benefit plans left workers with worse returns on company stock than investors who bought it on the open market.
 CLSA bought a stake in BTIG LLC, a New York-based trading firm with more than 450 employees, in April this year.
 Citic, based in Beijing, bought a 199 percent stake in CLSA in 2012 for $3103 million and paid $8417 million for the remainder of the firm in August 2013, excluding its Taiwan operations.
 The group of buyout funds which bought 25 percent during the crisis --- including Warburg Pincus and KKR & Co.
 It bought 13 office properties from the Generalitat de Catalunya in central Barcelona for 201 million euros ($250 million), its largest deal in 2014, in July as it sees capital values in Spain moving higher.
 Chinese buyers bought as much as 900,000 metric tons of a corn-based feedstock known as dried distillers grains from the US.
 QIA, the owner of the Harrods department store in London, bought 20 percent of Lifestyle in October in its first major acquisition in Asia as the sovereign wealth fund diversifies its global portfolio.
 Since Denmark’s housing bubble burst in 2008, about 60 community lenders have been either wiped out or bought up.
 “The deal is also in line with China’s state ownership reforms, which have been encouraging more private firms to invest in companies like Citic” Citic sold shares to 27 investors including CP Group earlier in the year when it bought $37 billion of assets from its parent.
 and last year bought Dole Food Co’s Asian fruit and vegetable business and global canned foods unit.
 CP Group bought a 1 percent stake in Citic for HK$336 billion ($433 million) at the time, joining sovereign wealth funds and Chinese companies in buying shares of Citic as it raised funds to pay for the acquisition and restore its public float.
 He pointed to profitable investments his firm made in Forest Laboratories Inc, a prescription drug developer, that sold itself to Actavis in July, around the same time Forest bought Furiex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 He and a business partner bought the home for $145 million and plan on spending $450,000 to remodel it, adding central air conditioning, Sub-Zero appliances and built-ins.
 But it’s not anything that we would say is out of the usual for Post, out of the usual for the industry” Still, Principal, which bought Post Advisory to help expand beyond life insurance and retirement products, is taking action.
 5 (Bloomberg) -- Volkswagen AG bought a stake in battery startup QuantumScape Corp.
 The VW of America unit bought a 5 percent holding and has options to raise the stake, one of the people said.
 The international situation is going to be a factor” Retail Sales Retail sales rose 07 percent in November, the most in eight months, as consumers bought electronics, clothing and furniture, according to Commerce Department figures issued today in Washington.
 Among recent investors in the area is Paulson & Co, the hedge fund run by billionaire John Paulson, which bought 875 acres in the resort in 2012.
 bought and raised their holdings through 2005 to become majority shareholders.
 The gauge capped a second monthly advance in November as foreigners bought $23 billion of shares, the most since May, amid signs Asia’s third-largest economy is improving.
 Overseas funds have bought a record $411 billion of local stocks and bonds this year on optimism that Modi is taking measures to bolster economic growth from near the slowest in a decade.
 Foreign investors bought a net $66 million of domestic shares on Dec.
 The company bought some California oil fields from Rosetta Resources Inc.
 The Sensex has climbed 29 percent this year as foreigners have bought $172 billion of shares, the second-highest amount among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 Surcharge About 70 percent of the fuel that Sydney-based Qantas will need to use in the six months ending June will be bought close to spot prices, McGinnes said by e-mail.
 Asiana, South Korea’s second-biggest carrier, has increasingly bought its fuel at spot prices since 2011 and has this year hedged 84 percent, according to Lee Hyo Min, a spokeswoman.
 The commodities tycoon who ran against Vladimir Putin for president two years ago bought the Nets and their unfinished arena the Barclays Center for $223 million in 2010.
 Areva posted a record loss of 25 billion euros ($31 billion) in 2011 as the company wrote down 21 billion euros of assets including the value of uranium mines bought in 2007.
 Carswell declined to comment on BlackBerry, except to say he’s bought a Passport, the company’s new smartphone.
 In October, the utility holding company bought a project in California from First Solar, with the panel maker agreeing to buy back a minority stake.
 TeliaSonera AB’s former CEO Lars Nyberg resigned last year after a law firm hired to investigate graft accusations said the Swedish operator should have been more careful when it bought its Uzbek phone license, also from Takilant.
 In the second-biggest transfer, announced in 2012, Ocwen bought $1831 billion in rights from a bankrupt unit of Ally Financial Inc.
 In the thirdquarter it bought $16 billion of rights and will close onanother $27 billion by the end of March, Chief Executive OfficerJay Bray said on a conference call last month.
 The monetary authority bought 200 billion rupiah ($16 million) of debt today and 15 trillion rupiah yesterday, he said.
 Shaw, a hedge fund company founded by billionaire David Shaw, bought James River for more than $560 million in 2007.
 retailers seek multiple distribution channels to speed up delivery of goods bought online, said Chuck Davis, the Southeast regional head for MetLife Inc’s real estate division, which oversees about $60 billion of property assets.
 bought the business for $14 million.
 An affiliate of Blackhawk Mining LLC bought the company’s Hampden complex in West Virginia, Hazard complex in Kentucky excluding the Laurel Mountain operations, and Triad complex in Indiana for $20 million in cash and $32 million in notes, plus the assumption of specified liabilities.
 As part of the October funding, DW Investment, run by David Warren, bought more than $100 million of a $275 million first-lien loan, the people with knowledge of the deal said this month.
 Saba, founded by former Deutsche Bank AG credit-trading head Boaz Weinstein, also bought a piece of the debt, they said.
 Firms that bought protection on a RadioShack default sought to collect this month after a lender claimed that the company breached the terms on a $250 million loan.
 After Goldman Sachs bought the commodities- and currency-trading firm J.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB, the investment group that bought the assets of Saab Automobile two years ago, said it’s found two Asian investors that may help fund its revival of the Swedish car brand.
 Microsoft, based in Redmond, Washington, bought into Nook as it sought ways to secure content and programs for its Windows 8 computer-operating system.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire John Fredriksen bought shares in Seadrill Ltd.
 Hemen Holdings Ltd, indirectly controlled by trusts established by Fredriksen and the biggest owner of Seadrill, bought 27 million shares at $124 apiece on Dec.
 A year ago, China made its biggest ever purchase of US- made ethanol, which is added to gasoline to boost octane and reduce emissions, when it bought 84,000 barrels.
 suit, filed by investor Peter Kaltman, who bought the company’s American Depositary Receipts.
 Claims that Apple “blew up” the iPods of customers who bought music from RealNetworks, to force them to purchase another iPod, were concocted by consumer lawyers who don’t understand iTunes technology, Apple lawyers said.
 Winter Stockpiles “Our main concern has been -- can we get the coal we’ve bought into our system,” he said.
 “What happened is almost like a herd of cattle, one cow turns left, all the cows follow it and it’s a stampede,” said the 68-year-old co-founder of Midland-based Ring Energy Inc, one of 118 industry executives who bought shares of their own companies in the last month amid the worst losses since 2008.
 Rochford and two other board members, Stanley McCabe and David Fowler, bought a total of more than 30,000 Ring shares over the past month, regulatory filings show.
 Trouble, Opportunity Loews Corp, which owns about half of Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc, bought 118 million of the unit’s shares in November.
 Michael Perdue, a board director for Goodrich, bought about 17,000 shares on Nov.
 Low-Risk Opportunity Rodrigo Nunez, head of credit and alternatives at pension fund Afore XXI Banorte in Mexico City, said he bought FHipo shares because they offered a low-risk opportunity to get relatively high yields.
 “In Mexico, since the asset is yielding much more, you can have some kind of a premium,” Nunez said Global investors bought more than 60 percent of the REIT’s shares in its Nov.
 His firm bought shares of Kinder Morgan Inc.
(Bloomberg) -- PetSmart Inc, the largest pet-store chain in the US, agreed to be bought by a group led by BC Partners for $83 billion.
 Best Buy bought a majority stake in Five Star for about $180 million in 2006.
 The Richfield, Minnesota-based chain later bought the rest of the firm.
 Ricki Kanter, 58, said she bought tickets for the movie as soon as they went on sale.
 The Sensex capped a second straight monthly gain in November as foreigners bought $22 billion of shares, the biggest inflow since May.
 Foreigners bought a net $396 million of domestic shares on Nov.
 Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc, the drugmaker being bought by Merck for $84 billion, lost a bid to block Hospira Inc.
 Icahn bought 263 million shares on Dec.
 bought International Business Machines Corp’s personal-computer unit, shares of the Chinese company are up about 300 percent while “Big Blue’s” have lagged behind the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
 Also in October, the Chinese company bought Motorola Mobility from Google Inc.
 Trinity bought Syro a few years later.
 Daimler, which bought a 12 percent stake in the BAIC Motor division of Beijing Automotive for 625 million euros last year, is “confident” the unit’s planned initial public offering will be successful, Troska says.
 The banks profit from the spread or the difference in the price at which currency is sold and bought.
 Among recent investors in the area is Paulson & Co, the hedge fund run by billionaire John Paulson, which bought 875 acres in the resort in 2012.
 Delta wants to show passengers the differences between fare classes, so that a business traveler who pays $800 for a last-minute ticket sees more value than someone who bought early and got a ticket for $139, Hauenstein said.
 The dislocation suggests loans themselves would be priced at a lower value if they were bought and sold more frequently.
 He said that he bought Petrobras’s American Depositary Receipts, and that the company made false statements that misled investors who lost money when the scandal became public.
 “We’re devastated, but we don’t know what’s happened yet,” said Chief Executive Officer Tony Fernandes, who bought Malaysia-based AirAsia for 1 ringgit (29 cents) in December 2001, at a press conference in Surabaya.
 We will go through this terrible ordeal together” Fernandes, 50, assumed 40 million ringgit of debt when he bought AirAsia, according to the airline’s website.
 Sabic, which in 2007 bought General Electric Co’s plastics unit for $116 billion, said in April it plans to expand in China and the US.
 bought messaging startup WhatsApp Inc.
 bought a 50 percent stake from Lloyds Banking Group and Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal’s Kingdom Holding Co.
 Clarion, which can trace its origins back to 1947, is currently owned by private-equity firm Veronis Suhler Stevenson, which bought the company from HgCapital for 1205 million pounds in 2008, according to HgCapital’s website.
 In 1998, Pinault bought Christie’s for $12 billion.
 Investors own a record amount of shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange that were bought with borrowed money, while the benchmark index’s valuation has climbed to the highest level since September 2011.
 “Why should this one be different?” Investors bought 997 billion yuan ($16 billion) of shares using margin debt on the Shanghai bourse yesterday, taking the outstanding value of stock purchases through borrowed money to a record 5521 billion yuan, according to data from the bourse.
 Workers accused the company of subjecting them to excessive fees and leaving those investing in its stock fund with returns that were worse than if they had bought shares on the open market.
 And as competitors scale back growth plans, his company has bought two locations from other chains.
 Biggam, who bought $115 Apple puts expiring Dec.
 Huh bought Cheil shares in the IPO.
 The smaller is over cars bought before the bankruptcy.
 A short sale refers to borrowing shares and selling them in expectation that the stock can be bought back at a lower price.
 bookstore chain, bought back Pearson Plc’s stake in its Nook Media e-reader division for about $28 million, giving it complete ownership of the business.
 Barnes & Noble bought back Microsoft Corp’s Nook holdings for $624 million and about 27 million shares earlier this month.
 In France, more than 60 percent of broadband users bought mobile as part of their package, and that’s set to rise to more than 70 percent by 2017, researcher Analysys Mason said last year in a report.
 It would be a big surprise if the market breaks to the upside because you are short-term overbought” After a 13 percent slump in less than a month, investors have regained optimism over the euro area’s biggest economy.
 No one predicted the price crash and if Encana hadn’t bought oil-producing properties, Canada’s second-largest gas company would have been worse off, Suttles said.
 Retail sales betweenThanksgiving and Christmas rose 55 percent, according toMasterCard Advisors, as shoppers bought more jewelry and women’sclothing.
 Russia has the right to call the Eurobond, bought a year ago to avert a default, if Ukraine’s public debt tops 60 percent of gross domestic product.
 The other thing Barbara Ragan Bennett, 65, brings to the case is her iPod Nano bought in 2006.
 Rogers disqualified the other plaintiff after Apple revealed that the iPods she claimed to have bought were either not covered by the lawsuit or had been purchased with the credit card of her then-husband’s law firm.
(Bloomberg) -- PetSmart Inc, the largest pet-store chain in the US, agreed to be bought by a group led by BC Partners for about $83 billion in the biggest leveraged deal for an American company this year.
 Delta bought Northwest Airlines in 2008, and today’s United Continental Holdings Inc.
 NYSE Group Inc, the then owner of the New York Stock Exchange, bought Euronext in 2007, renaming itself as NYSE Euronext.
 “I won’t be surprised” if Alibaba bought a stake in either handset maker, he said.
 Consumer Demand Even if Alibaba bought a stake in Xiaomi or another handset maker, it’s not clear Chinese consumers would warm to a phone with both an operating system and applications controlled by Alibaba, said Shaun Rein, managing director at China Market Research Group in Shanghai.
 Mountain View, California-based Google this year sold for about $29 billion the Motorola Mobility phone unit it bought as part of a $124 billion deal in 2012.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Allianz Global Investors, a unit of the German insurer Allianz SE, bought a solar project in Italy capable of providing enough electricity for about 3,070 homes.
 The 8 megawatt project in Puglia was bought on behalf of the Allianz Renewable Energy Fund, Allianz said today in an e-mailed statement.
 CP also bought 273 million kronor of Karolinska Development convertible bonds.
 Icahn in particular may argue for holding out for a better price -- especially a higher one than where he bought the shares, said Laura Lau, a fund manager who oversees more than C$1 billion at Brompton Group in Toronto.
 bought a dilapidated movie theater in 2011 and then failed to develop the site.
 When Carlyle bought a 55 percent stake in Claren Road four years ago, the firm oversaw $45 billion.
 Assets fell to $14 billion as of July from $22 billion in October 2012, when Carlyle bought a 55 percent stake, according to a copy of an investor letter obtained by Bloomberg News.
 Shaw organized a Bermuda-based holding company that bought James River in 2007 for more than $560 million.
 The company diversified into oil and gas last year when it bought two energy companies for about $9 billion, with oil accounting for 11 percent of revenue last year.
 The firm bought 25 percent of Nephila, which focuses on catastrophe reinsurance, last year.
 The central bank measures, which also include the provision of foreign-exchange loans and additional repurchase auctions, come after the Finance Ministry bought rubles today to arrest the worst depreciation since 1998.
 and Pride International Inc, which was later bought by Ensco, have spun or sold off older rigs that never got scrapped.
 Back at Wakayama’s scrapyard in Japan, about 30 to 40 vehicles bought from used-car dealers are brought in to be scrapped each day.
 The recall, coming two days before Christmas, is unfortunate timing for Waterbury, Vermont-based Keurig, and customers who may have bought the brewers.
 bought a 10 percent stake in Keurig for about $125 billion, while Kraft Foods Group Inc.
 In November 2009, Haitong bought a majority stake in Hong Kong’s Taifook Securities Co.
 Rogers, who set up Quantum Fund with George Soros in the 1970s, bought some of the company’s shares this year and said in a Nov.
 Not enough hits” Sony Entertainment has been under pressure since May 2013, when Loeb bought a stake in Sony and proposed a partial spinoff of the entertainment unit.
 “If there’s more uncertainty from Europe, then the Fed might postpone the first hike” Tseng said he bought Treasuries in November.
 In Germany, Telefonica bought wireless carrier E-Plus in a transaction valued at about $11 billion.
 utility owner by market value, bought the 20-megawatt Halifax solar project in North Carolina from Geenex and ET Solar Energy Corp.
 Investors bought 1057 billion yuan of shares using margin debt on the Shanghai exchange yesterday, taking the outstanding value of stock purchases through borrowed money to 6484 billion yuan, according to data from the bourse.
 Temasek bought about a 10 percent stake, another person with knowledge of the transaction said, asking not to be named as that information is private.
 It also bought a stake in financial-data provider Markit Ltd.
 He bought six buildings formerly owned by smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd.
 He speaks a mile a minute and earlier this year bought the El Mocambo Tavern, the Toronto music venue that once hosted the Rolling Stones.
 London-based SABMiller failed in September in trying to buy Heineken NV, a deal that would have helped shield itself from getting bought.
 Those include Oculus VR Inc, the maker of virtual reality goggles, which was bought by Facebook Inc.
(Bloomberg) -- Atlantic Tele-Network, a telecommunications provider, bought developer Green Lake Capital LLC for $64 million to enter the market for rooftop solar power plants.
 “It has some useful applications that go beyond the obvious” DiMauro, the resident of Cincinnati, ended up giving the selfie stick she bought at Walgreen to her 13-year-old daughter, Isabella.
 Google bought YouTube in 2006 for $13 billion, seeking to add more user-generated video content.
 Instruments are still usually bought in stores, according to Jeff Wisot, the retailer’s vice president of enterprise digital marketing.
 A passenger manifest showed 26 people who bought tickets didn’t board Flight 8501 which took off from the central Indonesian city of Surabaya.
 “We had bought tickets to go to Universal Studios and Snow City,” she said, referring to theme parks in Singapore.
 “Anyone that’s had exposure to equities this year, they’ve done well, so there’s certainly a lot of people that are now likely to be finding themselves a little overexposed here and will be trimming back and redeploying that cash” Knee-Jerk Rich Weiss, the Mountain View, California-based senior portfolio manager at American Century Investment, which oversees $140 billion, said he’s not changing his stock holdings, though one of his global funds bought VIX futures to hedge equity losses.
 ISS, which last month sold bonds at its lowest ever coupon, said it bought 125,000 of the shares offered for employee incentive plans.
 Among recent investors in the area is Paulson & Co, the hedge fund run by billionaire John Paulson, which bought 875 acres in the resort in 2012.
 Ping An made its first real estate acquisition outside China last year when it bought the Lloyd’s of London tower for 260 million pounds ($407 million), people with knowledge of the matter said at the time.
 “The other company’s subsidiaries were not part of the judicial recovery request and the power plants remain in normal operation” The demise of Eneva comes less than three years after EON, Germany’s largest utility, bought an initial 10 percent stake in Batista’s startup for 850 million reais and laid out plans for a grand partnership with the German-speaking Brazilian entrepreneur.
(Bloomberg) -- Abu Dhabi’s stocks advanced the most in almost seven months after as investors bought shares in the emirate’s banks ahead of dividend payments.
 Foreigners bought $16 billion of local stocks on expectations economic growth will rebound after Prime Minister Narendra Modi won the biggest mandate in 30 years in May.
 producers bought derivatives that protect them against declining prices, shielding them for some time.
 As part of a rescue deal earlier this year, investment firm Standard General bought out a $10 million loan that Lion had made to American Apparel.
 “We will continue to mine for acquisitions with redevelopment opportunities, but anticipate being a net seller in the fourth quarter” Blackstone bought the interest in the Kimco venture in June 2013 for an implied value of about $733 million including debt from the UBS Wealth Management North American Property Fund, according to a statement at the time.
 Penney, told the New York state appeals court today that his client earned the right to see the Macy’s contract when it bought a stake in Martha Stewart living and that it wasn’t trying to interfere.
 Nick ($35) and lunch at Noodles & Company ($25), the kids bought presents for Mom ($90, don’t tell her) and for Dad (cost unknown).
 In 2009, Lilly bought worldwide rights to the drug being developed by Wilmington, Delaware-based Incyte to treat inflammatory conditions.
 30, while Jhunjhunwala’s Rare Enterprises bought 75 million shares at 1788 rupees each on Nov.
 Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, added $137 billion to his net worth after the Omaha, Nebraska-based company soared 28 percent as the dozens of operating businesses the 84-year-old chairman bought over the past five decades churned out record profit.
 Hui said he traveled extensively, bought wine, spent HK$2 million (US$258,000) on classical music records over a few years, and another HK$1 million on a high-end stereo.
 The ruble’s collapse this year has caused a headache for Anatoly, who bought his Soviet-era home with a dollar mortgage in 2008 from Absolut Bank OAO.
 Lending Surge Sberbank’s mortgage portfolio rose 28 percent in the first nine months of 2014, becoming the main driver of its loan growth, as Russians bought property to protect their savings from further currency declines.
 In a November regulatory filing, the firm said that some cases had reached “advanced stages” The investigations focus in part on the firm’s due diligence on loans it bought and disclosures to investors.
 The gauge climbed to a record last month as foreigners bought $23 billion of shares on optimism easing inflation amid falling oil costs will allow Rajan to cut rates.
 Foreigners bought a net $64 million of local shares on Dec.
 Three foreign airlines bought stake in Virgin to prop up its finances.
 “Together with the rest of Gazprom’s European clients we look forward for the Russian counterparts to comply as well” While Ukraine is fulfilling all transit obligations, the risk to the EU remains as Ukraine hasn’t yet bought enough gas to last through the winter, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said last week.
 Consumers who bought rival music players, like Microsoft Inc’s Zune, would incur “costs” if they wanted to keep their music, Roger Noll, the Stanford professor, testified in federal court in Oakland, California.
 Retailers, Resellers Attorneys representing as many as 8 million consumers and 500 retailers and resellers who bought iPods from 2006 to 2009 claim Apple modified iTunes software so music downloaded with software made by competitor RealNetworks Inc.
 The judge said information that emerged at trial convinced her that plaintiff Marianna Rosen, a South Orange, New Jersey, resident who bought iPods for herself and her son in 2008 using a credit card issued by the law firm of her then-husband, wasn’t an adequate representative of the class of iPod buyers covered by the case.
 jumped 21 percent in Hong Kong after the city-state’s richest man, Li Ka-shing, bought a stake.
 A 22 percent rally over the past month, fueled by policy easing speculation and leverage, has driven valuations to three-year highs as technical indicators signaled overbought conditions.
 The stock was among the most overbought, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Li bought 450 million shares, a 974 percent stake in the company, at an average price of HK$060 apiece, according to a filing yesterday.
 in Moscow after the Finance Ministry announced that it bought rubles, which have lost 48 percent this year.
 I am trying to spend the money before it loses value” Over a recent week, she bought about 30 kilograms of poultry, beef and pork, 10 packs of buckwheat and rice, clothes and 3,500-ruble Ecco shoes for her daughter.
 The agreement also gives South Korea’s largest tiremaker the right of first refusal should Hahn decide to sell its stake, helping offset concern about Halla Climate’s future after being bought by an investment firm, said Koh Tae Bong, an analyst at HI Investment & Securities Co.
 Investors bought 1218 billion yuan ($197 billion) of shares using margin debt through the Shanghai Stock Exchange yesterday, taking the outstanding value of stock purchases with borrowed money to an all-time high of 6055 billion yuan, according to data from the bourse.
 2, that the iTunes modifications were designed to disable songs iPod customers bought from a rival music service offered by RealNetworks Inc.
 Imports feed more than 90 percent of that demand, with almost a quarter of processors bought from Taiwan, according to a McKinsey report in August and Chinese customs statistics from 2012.
 The trader bought a total of about $525 million of Apple stock in a single day, on Oct.
 “As a result, net outflows of offshore yuan to the mainland are intensifying” Record Turnover International investors have bought a net 45 billion yuan of Shanghai shares since the link’s Nov.
 Allianz bought majority stakes in two office buildings in Chicago and Washington from Manulife as part of the deal, according to a statement issued today by Toronto-based Manulife.
 Allianz, based in Munich, bought a majority stake in 191 N.
(Bloomberg) -- EnBW Energie Baden-Wuerttemberg AG, a German utility, bought an offshore wind-plant project in the North Sea from Strabag SE and the Norderland/ETANAX group for an undisclosed amount.
 Before Phibro was bought by Occidental, it had been profitable every fiscal year since 1997 and in 80 percent of the quarters during that period.
 KKR’s Cognita Schools last month bought part of a Rio de Janeiro school, two years after buying an institution in Sao Paulo, where the most expensive schools charge more than $27,700 a year.
 in the past two years bought stakes in German cable operator Kabel Deutschland Holding AG, which is being acquired by Vodafone Group Plc, as well as Celesio AG, which was bought by McKesson Corp.
 of China, jumped the most in more than six years in Hong Kong trading after the city-state’s richest man, Li Ka-shing, bought a stake in the company.
 Li bought 450 million shares of AVIC International -- a 974 percent stake in the company -- at an average price of HK$060 apiece, according to a filing yesterday.
 Even before the IPO, Alibaba’s shares were being bought and sold by employees on an internal site called Aliwaycom.
 Biogen bought BIIB037, or aducanumab, from Neurimmune Therapeutics in 2007.
 Bimbo, which also bought Maple Leaf Food Inc’s Canada Bread Co.
 “The magnitude of the change was so big that it really took the market out of its comfort zone, which creates opportunities for traders to add value” Trafigura bought and sold 17 million tons of LNG in the year to Sept.
 The gauge has dropped 9 percent in six days as overseas funds sold $354 million more of the nation’s equities than they bought this month through yesterday.
 Bakhmatyuk bought 677 percent of VAB’s shares in 2012 through Cyprus-based Quickcom Ltd, which increased its holding to 8678 percent, according to statements on the lender’s website.
 28 after foreigners bought $23 billion of shares last month, the most since July, on bets Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will speed up policy changes in the ongoing session of the parliament.
 Global investors bought a net $805 million of local shares on Dec.
 “We will go through this terrible ordeal together” Common Touch That aura of approachability is needed at a pivotal moment for the airline Fernandes bought for a symbolic one Malaysian ringgit (29 cents) in 2001, according to Con Korfiatis, the founding chief executive of rival budget carrier Jetstar Asia.
 Flights for Asia’s Masses A former British boarding-school pupil, Fernandes has parlayed the two planes and 40 million ringgit of debt he inherited when he bought AirAsia into Southeast Asia’s second-largest carrier by passenger traffic.
 The measure climbed to a record last month as foreigners bought a net $23 billion of shares amid optimism falling oil costs will give the central bank room to cut interest rates.
 This should also help the economy to grow without inflationary pressure next year” The selloff came as some investors who had bought stocks on margin are being forced to unwind positions, said Teerawut Kanniphakul, the Bangkok-based deputy head of retail research at CIMB Securities (Thailand) Co.
 “The strategy to grow the retail market segments throughout the African operations continues to show good progress” Alexander Forbes was bought by a private-equity consortium for 82 billion rand ($745 million) in 2007.
 Marsh & McLennan Cos’s Mercer unit has bought 34 percent of the stock this year as part of a plan to expand in Africa.
 The GOB approval order has good news for customers who bought gift cards before bankruptcy.
 Customers who bought merchandise before bankruptcy can return the goods until Jan.
 bought Volvo from US.
 Overseas investors yesterday bought a net $1972 million of CNX Nifty Index options, capping an eighth day of purchases, the longest streak since Oct.
 Foreign investors have bought $161 billion of local stocks this year, the second-highest amount among eight Asian markets tracked by Bloomberg.
 “Of course the family has become much bigger and things have changed, but the marzipan still tastes the same” Strait and his wife Angelika bought into the company in 1986 after his uncle emigrated to Canada.
 Until the 19th century, it was a luxury product bought mainly by the rich and royals including French Louis XIV.
 Concerns over ownership rights of shares bought through the link and a requirement for international investors to deliver stocks to a broker before markets open if they plan to sell have curbed participation, according to the Asia Securities Industry & Financial Markets Association.
 bought 79 million shares of Nitto Denko Corp.
 “We’ve collected input from the investing community ranging from the buyside, issuers, market-makers and sellside and believe it is prudent to use these insights to build consensus to help solve some of the complex issues facing our industry” A year ago, Intercontinental Exchange bought the NYSE’s parent company, and Sprecher has ever since promoted ending the status quo in the $23 trillion US.
 investors remains very strong for Korean dollar paper” More Korean paper has been bought by US.
 bought Washington’s Fairmont Hotel from Ivanhoe Cambridge as the largest US.
 Daimler in September bought the mytaxi and RideScout apps, stepping up an expansion into transport services.
 Survitec, which provides life-support services and makes makes safety products, including rescue boats, fire extinguishers and survival suits, bought fellow equipment maker Brude Safety AS from Norway’s Koppernaes AS in November 2013 for an undisclosed sum, according to the company’s website.
 Lawyers representing as many as 8 million consumers and 500 retailers and resellers who bought iPods from 2006 to 2009 claim Apple modified iTunes software so music downloaded with software made by RealNetworks Inc.
 Throughout the 1990s, Drahi bought and sold cable companies, deals that eventually led to the creation of Numericable, alongside buyout firm Cinven Group Ltd.
 The hedge fund run by billionaire Paul Singer, one of Caesars’s biggest bondholders, bought credit-default swaps before entering negotiations with Caesars in September and has continued to purchase the derivatives, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the trades are private.
 Foreigners bought a net $103 million of local shares on Dec.
 bought 24 million A shares in the company yesterday.
 Investors bought 997 billion yuan ($16 billion) of shares using margin debt on the Shanghai Stock Exchange yesterday, taking the outstanding value of share purchases through borrowed money to a record 5521 billion yuan, according to data from the bourse “Leverage is one factor,” Andy Xie, a former World Bank economist who’s one of the 50 most influential people in global finance according to last year’s ranking by Bloomberg Markets magazine, said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 bought a water supply project in Shan county in China’s eastern province of Shandong.
 17 that it bought two units from Advanced Holdings Ltd.
 “We can’t make the repayments and we can’t economize any further,” said Gennady Fedut, who lives with his wife and two children in a two-room apartment he bought with a dollar mortgage in 2006.
 TRW, which agreed in September to be bought by ZF Friedrichshafen AG for more than $11 billion, has been working to reduce its pension liabilities both in and outside the US.
 Oh last month resigned from the board of oil and gas producer EP Energy Corp, which Apollo bought in 2012 for more than $7 billion, and he was on the board of Athlon Energy Inc, which was sold to Encana Corp.
 African Bank, which bought Ellerine in 2008 to boost its lending operations, loaned too much money to people who couldn’t afford to pay it back and the lender collapsed in August as losses mounted.
 Some traders interpret readings above 70 as a sign securities are overbought.
 He eventually sold his car and bought a cheaper one to get extra cash.
 There’s a reason to wait for some normalization between the great powers of the world before one starts investing” Blackstone, which manages $284 billion in private equity holdings, real estate, credit assets and hedge funds, hasn’t bought a company in Russia in its history.
 “There was no anticompetitive impact” 8 Million Consumers Attorneys representing as many as 8 million consumers and 500 retailers and resellers who bought iPods from 2006 to 2009 claim Cupertino, California-based Apple modified iTunes software so music downloaded with a program made by competitor RealNetworks Inc.
 ITunes Software Attorneys representing as many as 8 million consumers and 500 retailers and resellers who bought iPods from 2006 to 2009 claim Apple modified iTunes software so music downloaded with RealNetworks software couldn’t be played.
 The price will be finalized when the sale to RCS Cards, which BNP bought in August, goes through.
 bought the bulk of Credit Suisse Group AG’s commodities business, continuing an expansion into a market as its biggest rivals retreat, according to two people briefed on the transaction.
 Earlier this year, the bank bought Deutsche Bank AG’s trading positions for metals, oil and power, one of the people said.
 It’s the first time the BOJ has bought after stocks climbed in the morning, with all of the central bank’s other purchases coming on days the Topix fell, according to Tokai Tokyo Securities Co.
 As of yesterday, the BOJ had bought 37 trillion yen in ETFs, according to its own data.
 The ECB bought 178 billion euros of covered bonds in the six weeks of its asset-purchase program from Oct.
 Perry, bought almost 12 million shares of Goodyear Tire & Rubber -- the largest block ever traded on the New York Stock Exchange -- after Goodyear reported a decline in earnings.











