 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012, the data show.
 shares have lost 29 percent including reinvested dividends.
 Genextra invested in Intercept for the first time in 2006, with additional investments in 2008, 2010 and 2012.
 “I’ve invested $15 million in capital in this firm,” Gorman said in a phone interview.
 30, it invested $107 billion in the properties, up from $571 million at the end of 2012.
 Chief Executive Officer Martin Flanagan, 53, has invested to increase sales outside the US.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan.
 In 1982, he invested in Ridley Scott’s “Blade Runner,” starring Harrison Ford, which became a cult classic.
 At JPMorgan, the bank has gone beyond boosting its technology team by starting a digital growth fund in 2011 that invested in Twitter and wearable device maker Jawbone.
 It starts with the relationship banker who oversaw what the Feds call the "703 Account," which was "the bank account that received and remitted, through a linked disbursement account, the overwhelming majority of funds that Madoff's victims 'invested' with Madoff Securities," and which regularly contained multiple billions of dollars.
 Vedanta, which has invested 500 billion rupees ($81 billion) to build a smelter, refinery and power plant near Niyamgiri, currently operates a 1 million-ton refinery, a 500,000 ton smelter unit and a power unit.
 “Growth of sales and marketing is a pretty big part of it” Lightspeed Venture Partners, Khosla Ventures and Battery Ventures also invested in the funding round.
 GS Direct LLC, an investment vehicle affiliated with Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has previously invested in the company.
 The KKR Special Situations Fund, which began raising money in 2012, has invested about 30 percent of its committed capital.
 Returns Target The special situations group, which manages about $4 billion, previously invested for individual customized accounts, generating gross returns of 20 percent since it was established in 2010 through the end of September, according to Zilkha, who also runs the firm’s credit unit.
 Former CEO Daniel Ustian was replaced in August 2012 after he invested millions in an engine technology that could not meet US.
 Equity Gains Within the gilt market, Scottish Widows Investment expects securities maturing in at least 10 years to be supported by demand from pension funds seeking to match their liabilities and reinvest their gains after the FTSE 100 Index of stocks rallied 19 percent last year including reinvested income.
 Green Vehicles Malaysia wants to position itself as a manufacturing hubfor energy-efficient vehicles to differentiate the country fromThailand, where foreign automakers have invested to producepick-up trucks and other vehicles, Madani said.
 In 2006, a derivatives trading desk in JPMorgan’s London office offered products linked to Madoff’s performance and invested its own money in Madoff’s feeder funds, Bharara said.
 “We all need to be invested in making our markets safer and more equitable.
 Rights in the trust can be sold to unidentified buyers at a price equal to the value of the principal invested, according to one investor who cited an offer presented by ICBC and asked to be identified only by his surname Chen.
 Once Buffett has invested in a bank, the conspiracy theory goes, regulators will find it a bit harder to let that bank fail, because how can you look Warren Buffett in the eye and take away a toy from him?2 And if Buffett has the power to bestow halos on banks, then that's a decent argument that the Fed should be monitoring his halo-distributing activities for signs of excessive risk.
 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, one of the earliest backers of the company co-founded by former Apple executive Tony Fadell, invested $20 million in Nest beginning in 2010 and will see a return of about $400 million, a person with knowledge of the deal said.
 Google’s venture arm had also invested in Nest.
 Google Ventures, which invested in Nest and operates as an independent company within Google, will keep the returns, a person with knowledge of the matter said.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012, the data show.
 Sears said that it invested $69 million more in Shop Your Way in the nine weeks through Jan.
 Early on, he had invested with activist managers such as Icahn, who is agitating for share repurchases at Apple, and Lichtenstein, the investor who runs Steel Partners LLC.
 They invested $20 billion in the country last year, the most in Asia after Japan.
 After not trading in Heinz securities in their account for at least a year, the two men invested nearly $90,000 in risky options positions the day prior to the announcement.
 They have invested more than $1 billion in the company in the past two years after it lost a record $125 billion in 2011.
 “Johnson & Johnson, which has invested in the Chinese market under this brand for almost 10 years, is extremely shocked by the decision and is very disappointed,” the company said in its statement on OneTouch.
 While PDVSA had a capital investment budget of $253 billion for 2013, the company invested less than one-third of that, or $7 billion, through June 30.
 Buffett and his deputies also have invested in other energy companies this year.
 Jana invested in Boeing Co.
 The Turin-based company invested about $37 billion in cash to take over Chrysler in the five-year process.
 While drugmakers have lowered prices and invested in the health infrastructure of the poorest countries, 75 percent of people living in poverty are in middle-income emerging markets, a population that is being increasingly neglected, Sanjuan said.
 “That means for the short term they’re fully invested.
 “That means for the short term they’re fully invested.
 Yu’E Bao’s cash is invested in a money-market fund run by Tian Hong Asset Management Co, in which Hangzhou-based Alibaba, the nation’s largest e-commerce company, owns a majority stake.
 2 by the end of the year as its Tianhong Enhanced Income Treasure Money Market Fund, in which Yu’E Bao is invested, became China’s largest mutual fund.
 The Tian Hong fund in which Yu’E Bao users are invested held 845 percent of its assets in bank deposits as of Sept.
 Wang Lin, a 50-year-old English teacher in Chengdu, said her Yu’E Bao experiment lasted only a few weeks before she took out the 2,000 yuan she invested.
 The fund invested in private-equity funds.
 Falcone’s Harbinger invested about $3 billion in LightSquared, which listed assets of $448 billion and debt of $229 billion in its Chapter 11 filing.
 The CEO has invested in countries including Morocco, South Africa and Mongolia to compensate for stagnant energy demand in Europe.
 Harbinger invested about $3 billion in Reston, Virginia-based LightSquared, which listed assets of $448 billion and debt of $229 billion in its Chapter 11 filing.
 According to his real estate czar, Matt Cullen, more than half of the $13 billion Gilbert has invested in the city has been used to acquire and renovate buildings.
 10 it invested in a fund managed by London-based BlueBay Asset Management LLP to provide loans of as much as 120 million pounds to mid-market companies.
 In-Q-Tel, a venture-capital firm started by the Central Intelligence Agency to back companies with emerging national-security technology, invested in FireEye in 2009.
 Martoma’s family had invested more than $1 million in the enterprise, “all of which was ultimately lost,” Martoma’s lawyers said in a court filing in December.
 Franklin, like other asset managers, benefited from a rally that lifted the MSCI All Country World Index 24 percent, including reinvested dividends, in 2013.
 Intrexon Holdings Third Point, which returned 26 percent on its investments in 2013, reported increased holdings in Intrexon Corp, the synthetic biology services provider that Third Point had invested in privately since 2011.
 In-Q-Tel, a venture-capital firm started by the Central Intelligence Agency to back companies with emerging national-security technology, invested in FireEye in 2009.
 “We’ve spent a fair amount of time with folks who have not been invested in the market, and they’re getting smart, because there’s a fair amount of paper potentially coming out” Credit Benchmarks Elsewhere in credit markets, the cost to protect corporate bonds from default in the US.
 This month, Tencent invested in China cab booking app Didi Taxi and began allowing users to pay fares using its payment system Weixin Payment.
 In May, Alibaba invested $294 million for a 2 percent stake in Beijing-based mapping company AutoNavi Holdings Ltd.
 Portuguese Purchases Chinese bidders have invested in other Portuguese companies.
 “People are going to be writing big checks because they weren’t invested in munis.
 Under the proposal, workers could have part of their pay deducted for deposit into an account invested in US.
 “This is a significant milestone in the liquidator’s ongoing efforts to realize funds for distribution to the victims of the Madoff Ponzi scheme that invested through Fairfield,” Kenneth Krys, the court-appointed Fairfield liquidator, said in a statement yesterday.
 Fairfield Sentry invested about 95 percent of its assets with Madoff, making it his biggest “feeder fund,” according to the Fairfield statement.
 The funds invested a total of $7 billion with Madoff.
 Falcone said he personally has $500 million to $700 million invested in Harbinger, which he described as representing “more than a majority” of his net worth.
 Harbinger, which controls the board of LightSquared, has 30 percent to 40 percent of its assets invested in the company, Falcone testified.
 The Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Broad Market Index returned 14 percent in January as of yesterday, including reinvested interest, the most since December 2011.
 invested $25 million in the payments provider in 2012 and began using Square’s services in 7,000 of its stores.
 The company plans to have 500 million euros invested in that country by the end of this year.
 While Allianz, the parent company, has invested in stocks, Allianz Real Estate’s strategy has been to invest in buildings.
 It has invested in Asia through funds managed by other firms and will look to make a direct acquisition in 2015.
 Foreigners invested $20 billion in 2013, the most in Asia after Japan, as the Fed’s record stimulus boosted demand for riskier assets, the data show.
 JPMorgan told the agency that as a result “‘it had submitted redemption requests for more than $300 million of its own funds, which were invested in Madoff Securities ‘feeder’ funds,’” according to prosecutors.
 A series of Madoff accounts were linked under the umbrella of a centralized “concentration account” known as the “703 Account” that received the overwhelming majority of funds that Madoff’s victims invested with Madoff Securities.
 He invested about 50 million pounds in a product referred to as Constant Proportion Portfolio Insurance, a type of swap.
 That was 52 percent more than the 631 billion yuan invested a year earlier as the government pledged to build more rail networks, especially in China’s central and western regions.
 About 154 billion euros, or 70 percent of the total, will be invested in new cars and SUVs, along with creating technology.
 Net Worth “There’s a real passion for understanding how intelligence works, from the biological perspective as well as the computer perspective,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director at Madrona Venture Group, a Seattle firm that has invested alongside Vulcan.
 Venture capitalists invested $837 billion into US.
 Two Calls Venture capitalists invested $837 billion into USstartups during the final three months of 2013, the highestquarterly total since 2007, according to the National VentureCapital Association.
 Marin Ugedo invested 117,000 euros in Potash Corp.
 Tyndall then passed the information to 13 of his retail customers and invested personally in at least two securities, according to the complaint.
 Fernandes declined to say how much he’s invested in QPR since taking a majority shareholding in 2011, with the Mittal family retaining a third.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012, the data show.
 American Homes 4 Rent has returned 29 percent since selling shares to the public in July, including reinvested dividends.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Bernard Madoff victims who withdrew more money from the con man’s firm than they invested -- and were slated for no recovery -- asked to be excluded from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s $543 million settlement of lawsuits over the fraud so they can sue the bank on their own.
 As a measure, Madoff customers’ assets were originally estimated at $65 billion, including profits -- almost four times as much as Picard’s current calculation of the $17 billion invested and lost when the Ponzi scheme collapsed.
 Chaitman said in yesterday’s filing that victims who invested with Madoff for years, and believed the trading in their accounts was real, are entitled to some of their fake profit because Madoff deprived them of legitimate investment opportunities.
 The funds will be invested in more than 800 megawatts of solar projects this year and next, China WindPower said in a statement distributed by PR Newswire yesterday.
 shares have lost 29 percent including reinvested dividends.
 Souring Environment Funds raised by the trust companies are mostly lent to developers and local governments or invested in securities and commodities.
 Most of their money was invested in real estate projects and securities investments, it said.
 A default may lead to “a downturn in sentiment in the trust sector which would have the potential to trigger a ripple effect on the financial system” In 2014, more than 2,800 trust products will come due, including 486 real-estate trusts and 20 trusts invested in mining firms, Benefit Wealth data showed.
 As much as 20 percent of the assets in the fund can be invested in indexes of real estate stocks and bonds, he added.
 We are still heavily invested in emerging markets, which is a great place to be” Aberdeen, which invests about two-thirds of assets in global emerging markets and stocks from the Asia-Pacific region, has fallen about 10 percent in London trading this year.
 The company has invested 10 billion rand in South African manufacturing and other operations over the past 15 years.
 fixed income,’’ and is invested in developed-markets equities, particularly Germany’s benchmark DAX index, they wrote.
 Investment will likely be lower than the 15 billion-pound ($25 billion) to 17 billion-pound range invested in each of the years since 2010, SSE said.
 President Tadashi Yanai has invested in building the business overseas, expanding in the US, China and Indonesia and hiring executives from Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Esprit Holdings Ltd, Express Inc.
 Yu Yong, who controls Cathay Fortune and is on Forbes’s list of China’s 400 richest people, first invested in China Molybdenum in 2004, according to Cathay Fortune’s website.
 ‘Net Winners’ In another Madoff-related case, a group of the con man’s victims who managed to withdraw more money from his firm than they invested asked to be excluded from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s $543 million settlement of claims stemming from the fraud.
 New York-based Brookfield Property Partners in November invested $500 million into Xintiandi, which operates the popular entertainment complex in Shanghai.
 The fund reported an increased stake in Intrexon Corp, the synthetic biology services provider that Third Point had invested in privately since 2011 and which had an initial public offering in August.
 The stock of Chilean foreign investment in Peru is about $14 billion compared with the $10 billion that Peruvian companies have invested in their southern neighbor, according to the Peru-Chile Chamber of Commerce.
 The pension fund managed C$193 billion ($181 billion), of which almost C$22 billion was invested in real estate, according to the company statement.
 The company also is expanding its ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen chain, which first opened in 2011 in Washington, and recently invested in Pizzeria Locale, a fast-casual restaurant in Colorado.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 ‘Too Good’ The bank said the “‘investment performance achieved by[the Madoff Securities] funds…is so consistently andsignificantly ahead of its peers year-on-year, even in theprevailing market conditions, as to appear too good to be true -meaning that it probably is’” JPMorgan told the agency that as a result “‘it hadsubmitted redemption requests for more than $300 million of itsown funds, which were invested in Madoff Securities ‘feeder’funds,’” according to prosecutors.
 A series of Madoff accounts were linked under the umbrellaof a centralized “concentration account” known as the “703Account” that received the overwhelming majority of funds thatMadoff’s victims invested with Madoff Securities.
 Reliance’s revenue from its 8871 billion rupees of cash and equivalents deposited in banks and invested in mutual funds resulted in an unexpected increase in net income in the period.
 What I see in all of these deals is the presence of these private equity funds out of the US” KKR in 2009 and 2010 invested in East Resources Inc.
 Qatar Holding LLC invested $100 million.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Tencent Holdings Ltd, Asia’s largest Internet company, invested in Chinese cab reservation app Didi Taxi as part of plans to promote its payment service to users accessing the Web through mobile devices.
 in July and invested in Korean messaging-app company Kakao Corp.
 30, including reinvested interest, the most since December 2011.
 Lawyers said 193 Madoff “net winners” who withdrew more money than they invested are opting out of the settlement.
 invested in automated home security and worked with General Motors Co, Audi and Tesla Motors Inc.
 About $171 million, or about $25,000 per room, has been invested in the Innkeepers properties since 2007, Chatham said today.
 About 26 percent of their proceeds were invested in infrastructure projects.
 A venture-capital firm set up by the Central Intelligence Agency invested in FireEye in 2009.
 The company’s return on invested capital trails US.
 ‘Net Winners’ In another Madoff-related case, a group of the con man’s victims who managed to withdraw more money from his firm than they invested asked to be excluded from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s $543 million settlement of claims stemming from the fraud.
 New York-based Blackstone invested or committed $33 billion for distressed European mortgages and properties in 2013, while Apollo raised $54 billion to buy mainly nonperforming loans in Europe, according to a Nov.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Blackstone also invested money in new property deals, mostly outside of the US, said James.
 Pantera, in turn, invested in Ripple Labs, a company backed by Google Inc.
 Liquidity Needed Silbert, of SecondMarket, has also formed a venture capital fund that has invested in at least 14 Bitcoin-related companies.
 The company had invested heavily in the Nook in an effort to move away from physical books.
 Sears said today that it invested $69 million more in Shop Your Way in the nine weeks through Jan.
 In Javelin’s case, the company’s shares lost almost 40 percent, including reinvested dividends, from May to Aug.
 Goldstein had only invested funds for himself and his father when he quit his job as a New York City engineer and set up a card table in a Brooklyn house to manage people’s money.
 “The project may attract investors seeking stable returns as the developer has invested in renovation of the retail space to boost value,” Betty Wong, a Shanghai-based executive director of investment services for Colliers International, said in a phone interview today.
 Change Catalyst Tokyo-based Sony invested in the fund in December, Mami Imada, a spokeswoman, said, declining to specify the amount.
 Foreigners invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 We invested $500 million in these two projects and debt is now” $23 billion.
 X1 Technology Under Chief Executive Officer Brian Roberts, Comcast has invested in a new digital interface, called X1, that gives customers the ability to store and watch TV shows through an Internet server -- what’s known as a cloud-based system.
 Temasek is mostly invested in stocks, according to the statement today.
 “There’s a shortage of actively traded stocks in the Czech Republic and no IPOs, creating surplus liquidity that wants to be invested,” Radil said.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Cushman estimates more than $50 billion of equity from Asia will be invested in Europe and North America by 2020, he said.
 The company had $943 million invested in the retail business as of Sept.
 Credit Rating The builder said it won the contracts in 2010 and invested 138 billion pesos in the prisons, which it developed with technical assistance from CGL.
 Eurnekian invested an initial $300 million to start output at Unitec Blue in Chascomus, about 120 kilometers (75 miles) south of Buenos Aires.
 “We have invested heavily in our premium, managed pub estate” while improving food and offering more craft beers and fancier wines, said Goodyear, 57, who joined the company in 1995 and became CEO in 2003.
 and Pearson Plc invested in the Nook Media unit in 2012.
 Carlyle, the world’s second-biggest buyout firm, invested $22 million in the Indian company in 2010.
 Carlyle had invested around $11 billion in India as of Sept.
 That year, Google’s venture arm invested in Nest, following earlier financing from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Shasta Ventures.
 “It’s our expectation that the authorities in Cyprus and Europe act immediately to bring charges against those involved and recover invested funds amounting to some millions of euros for the benefit of the uninsured depositors of Laiki Bank,” Charalambides said.
 Total Return Rosewall forecasts the S&P/ASX 200 will provide a total return of about 10 percent when including reinvested dividends this year.
 billionaire Larry Ellison, invested in the films through her Los Angeles-based Annapurna Pictures and is credited as a producer of both.
 “Johnson & Johnson, which has invested in the Chinese market under this brand for almost 10 years, is extremely shocked by the decision and is very disappointed,” the company said in its statement on OneTouch.
 Large firms that invested in technology over the past two years will fare better, she said in an interview on Dec.
 The 81-year-old entrepreneur invested an initial $300 million to begin production of micro chips for credit cards, mobile phones and electronic identification in neighboring Argentina last year through a venture called Unitec Blue.
 They’ve gained 47 percent in the past 12 months, including reinvested dividends, compared with the 41 percent increase in Standard & Poor’s 20-member index of asset managers and custody banks.
 Valuation Techniques Stock earnings yields and bond rates are both valuation measures, showing how much owners are getting back in profits or interest payments on the money they invested.
 Brady manages funds invested in both equities and credit.
 Elliott invested in two other rivals in the past.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Under the proposal, workers could have part of their pay deducted for deposit into an account invested in a group of US.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Alibaba recently invested in New York-based 1stdibscom Inc.
 The stock returned 24 percent in the year through yesterday including reinvested dividends, compared with a 20 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Comcast Ventures, the venture capital affiliate of NBC network parent company Comcast Corp, early in 2013 was part of a group that invested $11 million in FanDuel Inc, which is now averaging more than $6 million in weekly payouts.
 Other backers include billionaire Alisher Usmanov, who invested in Twitter Inc.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Nine percent of the fund’s capital was invested in the country by the end of December.
 It aims to generate a 15 percent return on invested capital for the agency business and 20 percent return on equity for financial services, Sotheby’s said.
 Vietnam Electricity, a state-owned utility, had invested 1217 trillion dong ($58 billion) in non-core businesses by end-2011, surpassing its 77 trillion dong of registered capital, the state inspectorate said in a report yesterday.
 Innogy invested 766 million euros in the first three quarters of 2013, down from 859 million euros a year earlier.
 While Buffett has invested for decades in companies with strong consumer brands -- from Geico to Dairy Queen -- few of his subsidiaries have adopted the name of his holding company.
 An Intel representative said at the time it was the worst result it had encountered in any country it invested in, the newspaper said.
 In addition to expanding outside Europe to sidestep the regional auto-markets drop to a two-decade low, Volkswagen has also invested in technology to share parts as a means to lower production costs.
 His firm has invested in SoftBank Corp, the Japanese wireless carrier that owns Sprint, and Loeb says in the letter that a merger could navigate antitrust hurdles by creating a stronger competitor to AT&T Inc.
 “Japanese investors reacted favorably to management teams who took bold restructuring action in 2013, and the market is looking for Sony to pursue a similar path” Third Point also reported increased holdings in Intrexon Corp, the synthetic biology services provider that the fund had invested in privately since 2011.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012, the data show.
 Maruti’s funds will not be invested in Gujarat, Chairman RC.
 Employee E-mails One customer made changes to $6 billion invested in bonds.
 The world’s largest economy expanded at a 41 percent annualized rate in the third quarter as consumers stepped up spending on services and companies invested more in software, a report showed last month.
 The iPath security lost as much as 37 percent of the money invested since Jan.
 Copenhagen-based PensionDanmark has invested about $18 billion in renewable energy, while Allianz Capital Partners, a unit of Europe’s largest insurer, invested more than 400 million euros ($545 million) last year.
 invested 100 million pounds ($166 million) in Greenko Group Plc, a developer of Indian wind farms.
 GE Energy Financial Services invested 257 billion rupees in a hydropower plant in northern Sikkim state under development by Gati Infrastructure Pvt.
 “The challenge is how do you influence a room of people that are much more experienced and older than you? And the answer is not to come in guns blazing like you know all the answers and you’re so smart and they’re so dumb” Morfit was key in ValueAct’s biggest success to-date, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, which was pursuing long-shot disease cures when the fund invested in 2007.
 “The fundamental picture has stabilized for India whereas it’s deteriorated for other emerging Asian nations,” said Pierre Faddoul, a Singapore-based credit analyst at Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, which has total invested assets of $127 trillion.
 Soros’s money managers, who oversee $25 billion for the billionaire, invested in Herbalife after Bill Ackman made a $1 billion wager against the company in the final days of 2012.
 They climbed 145 percent in 2013 including reinvested dividends.
 The return on invested capital was 125 percent for Riu hotels and 6 percent for Robinson in fiscal 2013, TUI said in December.
 It has also invested heavily in computer technology aimed at making its asset-servicing and transaction processing businesses more efficient.
 While tick sizes may be a factor, “it would tough to convince me it’s a major factor” Venture Capital Venture capitalists invested $837 billion into US.
 Mubadala, which has assets of 204 billion dirhams ($55 billion), has built a branch of the Sorbonne University in Abu Dhabi and co-invested with GE Capital as part of its plan to modernize infrastructure and develop financial services in the emirate.
 Expensive Shares Return on assets slid to 15 percent in 2012 from 88 percent in 2007, while return on invested capital fell to 62 percent from 111 percent in the same time frame, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Investors spent 493 billion euros on commercial property assets in Spain last year, more than double the 232 billion euros invested in 2012, as the economy came out of its second recession since 2008 and prospects of a euro currency breakup faded.
 The firm can “offer them the opportunities to stay in their homes and keep their kids in the same school” 50% Rentals Starwood Waypoint invested $2197 million for 1,736 non-performing loans compared with $7075 million to own 5,049 rental houses, according to a January presentation to investors.
 Google Ventures has invested in online music service TuneIn Inc.
 “We engaged constructively with Trian and invested a large amount of management time and significant financial resources analyzing Trian’s proposals” In his letter, Peltz cited deteriorating North American beverage trends, questionable quality of earnings in 2013 and a disappointing 2014 profit forecast as evidence that the company needs to act.
 Those funds are invested to back obligations and generate profit.
 31, including reinvested interest, while the MSCI All-Country World Index of stocks lost 41 percent.
 The 41 percent drop in the MSCI All-Country World Index of equities is the biggest in almost two years, and follows a 24 percent surge in 2013, after accounting for reinvested dividends.
 Shumway Capital Partners LLC, in which Petershill invested in 2010, experienced investor withdrawals after its founder, Chris Shumway, said that year he would step down from his role as chief investment officer.
 Sanofi shares have returned 34 percent in the past 12 months, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 22 percent gain for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Hangzhou-based Alibaba invested $294 million in May for a stake in AutoNavi.
 Son has invested in more than 1,000 companies.
 In 2000, SoftBank invested $20 million in Alibabacom.
 Borrowings in the Shanghai free-trade district can only be used for operations and project construction within the zone or overseas, and shouldn’t be invested in securities, including wealth management products, according to the statement.
 It invested an extra 110 million euros in the company in May 2012, according to Eurazeo’s website.
 President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner’s government seized 51 percent of YPF in April 2012 after saying Repsol hadn’t invested enough.
 The MSCI All Country World Index rose 24 percent last year, including reinvested dividends.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 He invested in ImClone Systems Inc, which was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
 Hangzhou-based Alibaba invested $294 million in May for a stake in AutoNavi.
 Apollo said it invested $11 billion from its private-equity funds in the fourth quarter, up from $100 million to $200 million in the previous two quarters.
 Tnuva owns seven of the 10 most-known food brands in Israel and accounts for more than 14 percent of shelf space in the country’s supermarkets, according to the website of private-equity firm Apax Partners LLP, which invested in the company.
 Last year the company invested $150 million, including the purchase of Gtel Comunicaciones SAPI, a smaller Mexican company with a similar business model, and the construction of the 780 million-peso ($59 million) data center in Queretaro.
 “The minimum they can do is to remove the uncertainty on the policy front so that having invested we don’t start regretting,” Debnarayan Bhattacharya, managing director of Hindalco Industries Ltd, said in a Feb.
 DB Secondary Opportunities Fund III LP, which the firm is raising less than a year after completing gathering money for its predecessor, will purchase stakes at a discount in funds that have invested a substantial amount of capital, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The unit, which has invested in alternatives since 1991, manages more than $10 billion in client commitments, according to the firm’s website.
 Ortega has invested in a variety of properties as he seeks to diversify his wealth.
 The government will bolster its Automotive Innovation Fund over two years, adding to the C$316 million invested in six projects since 2008, according to the budget released today by Finance Minister Jim Flaherty.
 The figures include reinvested interest.
 The 4 percent drop in the MSCI All-Country World Index of equities was the biggest in almost two years, and followed a 24 percent surge in 2013, after accounting for reinvested dividends.
 They invested $20 billion last year, the most in Asia after Japan, and $246 billion in 2012.
 Active hedge-fund and mutual-fund managers will probably receive inflows to take advantage of opportunities created by the growing portion of assets invested in passive strategies such as exchange-traded funds, he said.
 Clients are cautious on emerging markets including China, and are more invested in Europe now that concerns the European Union might break up have subsided, he said.
 The ADRs have returned 21 percent in the past 12 months including reinvested dividends, compared with a 22 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 It runs 213 stores, up from seven in 2007 when Mekong first invested, Freund said.
 Under Volcker, banks would not be able to own debt of CLOs that are invested in bonds or other securitized products.
 The firm will charge a management fee of 65 basis points on committed capital and staggered fees on invested capital, starting at 15 percent of the first $50 million, dropping to 125 percent on the next $150 million and 75 basis points on amounts of more than $200 million, according to the document.
 Hangzhou-based Alibaba invested $294 million in May for a stake in AutoNavi.
 Six policemen have been suspended and 14 others sanctioned over the killings, which are being invested by the Independent Complaints Directorate, an oversight body.
 “It is absolutely starting to feel like a deal machine,” said Maha Ibrahim, a partner at venture firm Canaan Partners in Menlo Park, California, which has co-invested with Google Ventures and Google Capital.
 Sumeru invested $977 million as of Dec.
 A “good outcome” for the unit is among his top goals for 2014 as the company seeks to boost returns on invested capital, Schroder said today in a telephone interview.
 In September, it invested $50 million in Romanian gas producer Amromco Energy Srl to boost its business in eastern Europe.
 Son has invested in more than 1,000 companies.
 In 2000, SoftBank invested $20 million in Alibabacom.
 “It seems quite right and reasonable that the regulator should impose a fine, though it looks small to me,” said Jose de Zubeldia, whose wife invested 100,000 euros in the securities.
 Auto Fund Canada will pay the additional money for carmakers through the Automotive Innovation Fund, which has invested C$316 million in six projects since 2008, according to yesterday’s budget.
 Hybrid’s latest bid was $55 million, including the $25 million it invested in the US.
 Since 2008, when its African private equity team was formed, the lender has invested more than $700 million across the continent and may invest as much as $300 million in three companies this year, Peter Baird, head of the buyout unit, said in a Feb.
 Planning Exits Standard Chartered’s private-equity unit has invested more than $39 billion since its inception more than a decade ago and focuses on Asia, Africa and the Middle East, according to its website.
 It invested $160 million in Africa last year.
 In sub-Saharan Africa, total capital invested in 2013 reached a five-year high of $16 billion, a 43 percent increase from the year before, according to research by the Emerging Markets Private Equity Association.
 Tencent also invested in the company that owns Didi Taxi, a popular cab booking app in China, to promote its mobile payment system in December.
 The stock has more than doubled in the last year, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 25 percent increase in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Investors spent 493 billion euros on property assets in Spain last year, more than double the 232 billion euros invested in 2012, as the economy came out of its second recession since 2008.
 “A sizable Eurobond issuance would make sense” provided market conditions are favorable and proceeds invested in projects that will support the economy, he said.
 The shares have returned 51 percent since the July initial public offering, including reinvested dividends.
 Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire has invested in the three banks in which Daily Journal disclosed stakes and also Posco.
 “My country invested in me,” Obama told students, staff and local officials at Buck Lodge Middle School.
 The company invested heavily in the business in an effort to move away from physical books.
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dan Amos, 62, said in October that as much as 80 percent to 90 percent of cash generated in Japan would be invested in yen-denominated securities.
 American Homes 4 Rent, the second-largest single-family landlord with more than 21,000 homes, is up 38 percent from its July 31 initial public offering, including reinvested dividends.
 AIG’s total portfolio, valued at more than $350 billion, is mainly invested in bonds.
 He invested in ImClone Systems Inc, which was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Fortum Oyj, Finland’s biggest utility, invested in a 260 million-euro ($3546 million) plant to turn recycled waste, coal and biomass into heat and power.
 Fortum invested 40 million euros in the plant in Naantali, southern Finland, to be built by Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy, which is nearly half owned by Fortum, the Espoo-based utility said.
 Fund Outflows The share of net new money invested in emerging-market equities dropped to 61 percent at the end of December from 86 percent at the end of June at Vontobel’s Quality Growth asset-management business, according to a presentation today.
 “We need to hurry” as billions of zloty needs to be invested to make the shale gas industry profitable, he said.
 In its release today, Golomt said it has “no obligation with Credit Suisse, whether in the form of loans or otherwise” Credit Suisse and Stanhope, a unit of the Abu Dhabi fund, invested in Golomt in the past half decade.
 Avenue’s Investment Avenue Capital Group LLC, the distressed-debt firm with about $126 billion of assets under management, invested “a couple hundred million dollars” in container ships through a partnership with an undisclosed ship owner, co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Marc Lasry said Feb.
 OOG invested $55 billion to execute contracts worth more than $15 billion and the company is “completely aligned” with Petrobras’ objectives, it said in today’s statement.
 The private equity firm announced last February the purchase of three solar projects in Canada, and in 2011 it invested in four other California solar plants.
 It’s also invested In Spain’s T-Solar Global SA and Sorgenia SpA wind farms in France.
 “Spreads on Samurai have fallen to unattractive levels, and it will be difficult for Japanese investors to buy at the kind of rates offered by JPMorgan and GE in future” Spread ‘Unattractive’ Nakatani, who has invested in GE Capital’s debt in the past, said he didn’t buy the Norwalk, Connecticut-based company’s notes this time because the spread was “unattractive” He doesn’t invest in US.
 chains, which have, for years, invested far less than other industries on data security -- making them more vulnerable to attacks than retailers in Europe.
 Last year, it invested in Prism Pharma Co, a Japanese drug-discovery company, and Royal Gate Inc, a Tokyo-based developer of mobile payment devices, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 After acquiring its 50 percent stake in the company for $16 billion in 2012, Televisa invested 159 billion pesos in the mobile-phone carrier in 2013.
 When emerging markets flounder “you’d better be invested in China,” said Regis Chatellier, director and emerging market credit strategist at Societe Generale SA in London.
 In October, it invested as much as $425 million in Hong Kong billionaire Richard Li’s FWD Group.
 Venture Partners, which invested in Trusteer.
 “Spanish banks have been a bit optimistic on valuing real estate, while the Italians seem to have put off dealing with a few problems, so if you’re invested in those countries, you’ve got to keep that potential capital gap in mind” Roehmeyer said his firm is “underweight” on stocks and bonds of Spanish and Italian banks, which means its money managers hold less of the securities compared with benchmarks.
 “There are some very good companies and what is wrong with them is that their capital structure is impaired and we can help them out” KKR has invested $16 billion of private-equity funds in India and lent a similar amount to local companies through its local finance company, said Kravis.
 He invested during the boom and lost millions of dollars when the market imploded, according to Forbes.
 Autonomous, Independent Venture capital firm Sequoia Capital invested $8 million in WhatsApp in 2011, for a more than 15 percent stake that is now worth about $35 billion, according to people with knowledge of the deal.
 The company invested heavily in the Nook business in an effort to move away from physical books.
 Before today, the stock had gained 34 percent in a year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 21 percent return in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 CNPC and Sinopec earned 68 percent and 92 percent on invested capital in 2012, respectively, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The funds didn’t show they actually invested because of the information in the March press release, she said.
 At the end of that year, the bank reclassified another 900 million Swiss francs of the Wyss’s money, even though most of it hadn’t been invested, the report says.
 “The long-term fundamentals remain intact on the product-tanker story” Private-equity firms contributed to the rush to buy product tankers as they invested the most since at least 2008 in shipping, according to Marine Money, an industry newsletter.
 Blackstone, the world’s largest manager of alternative assets, invested more than $100 million in ships in the past two years, New York-based Principal Jasvinder Khaira said last fall, including stakes in nine product tankers.
 “Some of the Indian players who have invested in Australia may be better off exiting these investment even at a loss” GVK bought the coal assets in 2011 for $126 billion from Gina Rinehart, Asia’s richest woman, who retained a 21 percent stake in the Alpha mine.
 The firm has since invested about $67 billion of equity in retail companies and returned more than $20 billion to its investors.
 About 21 percent of BlackRock’s frontier fund is invested in the nation of 27 million that’s smaller than New Jersey.
 “We invested really early in LTE when there wasn’t even a market and that’s one of the things that puts us generations ahead,” said Tim McDonough, vice president of marketing for Qualcomm Technologies.
 Embargo Petroleo Brasileiro SA and Spain’s Sol Melia SA are among companies that have already invested in Cuba, gaining opportunities over US.
 Gulf Capital has invested about 80 percent of its equity fund, which owns stakes in seven other companies, El Solh said.
 “If we find the right investments, we will deploy the capital” About a third of its $18 billion invested is in renewables, with stakes in more than 12,000 megawatts of wind projects, he said.
March 12 (Bloomberg) -- Less than 9 percent of Japanese household assets are invested in the stock market even after the biggest gain in four decades for the Nikkei 225 Stock Average.
 European Recovery Greenberg’s fund is also invested in Arcelik AS, Turkey’s largest home-appliances maker, and Aygaz AS, the nation’s biggest seller of liquefied petroleum gas.
 That sets it apart from Tencent Holdings Ltd, Asia’s largest Internet company, which invested in a local taxi-booking app in January.
 He has said he writes for people like his sisters, who have a lot of their money invested in the company and don’t work in finance.
 The S&P/ASX 200 index gained 5 percent in February with reinvested dividends, the most since July.
 “We’re definitely seeing the hedge funds and big private-equity firms coming down market a little bit,” said Chaffee, who invested in Twitter, HomeAway Inc.
 The Troice decision is possibly the death knell for a lawsuit by investors in feeder funds who in turn invested with Madoff.
 The trustee wants the appeals court to focus on how investors’ money was actually invested, not what they were told.
 Most recently its Nigerian life unit co-invested in Oasis Insurance for an undisclosed amount.
 “We are fully invested and in order to make new investments we have to divest something,” he said.
 The bank has now invested more than 600 million pounds in five offshore wind farms, helping to mobilize 13 billion pounds in total, he said.
 That compares with a 69 percent advance on the S&P/ASX 200 that doesn’t include reinvested dividends and remains 20 percent below its 2007 peak.
 The shares have returned 85 percent in the past year, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 17 percent return for the DAX index.
 SLM, in which DPE Deutsche Private Equity GmbH invested in 2012, is working with Credit Suisse Group AG and Deutsche Bank AG on the prospective sale, said the people, who asked not to be named as details aren’t public.
 Vietnam Success Unilever invested $130 million in Vietnam as the business grew annually at more than 10 percent for 14 years after opening in 1995, a 2009 report by a think-tank at the Southeast Asian nation’s Planning and Investment Ministry said.
 Activist investing, in which shareholders take stakes and push for changes at companies they see as underperformers, affects a “tiny portion” of firms BlackRock is invested in and wasn’t the trigger for the letter, she said.
 “About 25 billion euros will be invested in the first five years of the project, and we are going to create 50,000 jobs, while the deadline for the state to deliver all the relevant permits is two years,” he said.
 It has invested about 700 billion yen in 57 projects as it focuses on energy, electronics, information technology and biotechnology, it said in a Feb.
 Sweden, where unemployment is the highest in Scandinavia, should elect a Social Democratic-led coalition to ensure more is invested in education, elderly care, railways, roads and housing, Tobias Baudin, first vice president at the Swedish Trade Union Confederation, known as LO, said in a March 13 interview in Stockholm.
 The governmenthasn’t invested in either firm.
 utilities have under-invested in generation plants and transmission networks, Hagan said.
 “With fewer financial investors interested in growth markets, that can open up investment opportunities for us” Maersk, which owns a container line, a port operator and an oil division, invested about $7 billion globally last year, focusing on emerging markets.
 Investment could reach 11 billion euros, 25 billion euros of which will be invested in the first five years, creating 50,000 jobs, Athanassiou said.
 There’s no way” While Harper is in a bind having invested so much effort on the fourth-carrier pledge, a victory for Peladeau and the Parti Quebecois is not a foregone conclusion.
 and European asset managers because, historically, the country hasn’t invested “enough in its image abroad,” said Suntay.
 “There’s a lot of money out there that needs to be invested” Also in credit markets today, Unilever Plc, the London-based unit of the world’s second-biggest consumer-products maker, sold 250 million pounds ($416 million) of bonds maturing December 2018, Bloomberg data show.
 Google’s fund invested $40 million in Renaissance last month, valuing the company at $1 billion.
 Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire also made acquisitions and invested in its railroad and energy utilities.
 Twelve Australian councils lost more than 90 percent of the A$16 million they invested in the notes.
 The company has invested 300 million rand ($274 million) in a recycling facility as regional demand for aluminum cans strengthens.
 “If Berkshire owns these themselves, they don’t have to pay the dividend and the cash flow can be reinvested back into the business,” Winter said.
 While Coca-Cola’s decision to purchase a 10 percent stake in Waterbury, Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain spurred speculation rival Pepsi would partner with SodaStream to counter the threat, Pepsi has already invested in a company producing a rival machine, according to a March 10 report by Ali Dibadj, a New York-based analyst at Sanford C.
 JetBlue is selling LiveTV as it works to reduce operating costs and meet goals for return on invested capital and as airlines focus on providing improved onboard Wi-fi that enables passengers to use their own electronic devices for in-flight entertainment.
 The amount of dollars invested fell more than 70 percent last year from 2011 as deal volume dropped by almost 40 percent, according to the National Venture Capital Association.
 Two years earlier, Google invested $94 million, teaming up with KKR to finance four Recurrent developments around Sacramento, including Galt.
 Late last year, Google invested $103 million in a Southern California solar plant that provides energy for 80,000 homes.
 Investments Mitsubishi UFJ invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley in 2008 during the global financial crisis, and spent about $35 billion to make San Francisco-based UnionBanCal a wholly owned subsidiary, to strengthen its foothold in the world’s largest economy.
 owner Mikhail Khodorkovsky in December after 10 years in jail and invested $43 billion in the Sochi Olympic games to showcase the reforms taking place in Russia’s economy, his decision to mobilize the army into the Black Sea peninsula is undermining investor confidence.
 Fund IV, which started investing in 2005, was producing a 17 percent internal rate of return and a multiple of 11 times invested capital as of Sept.
 The fund was about 95 percent invested.
 “A lot of capital has been looking to get invested in the major gateway markets where prices have risen substantially and returns have narrowed,” MacKinnon said in a telephone interview.
 Son has invested in more than 1,000 companies.
 Athene said it will reduce the portion of its money invested in corporate bonds in favor of structured assets such as mortgage-backed securities, according to today’s presentation.
 “Having watched the performance of other management firms like Blackstone and Apollo, Ares probably sees strong potential stock performance,” said Adam Goldman, the founder of Red Rocks Capital LLC, which manages $13 billion invested in listed private-equity vehicles.
 In contrast to Bank of Spain data, the Economy Ministry figures today provided a breakdown of activities and regions attracting inflows, and excluded funding between companies, reinvested profits and real estate.
 invested 165 million euros in its Figueruelas plant in 2013 and plans to spend another 210 million euros this year.
 The fund has about 40 percent of its $380 million of holdings invested in corporate bonds and loans denominated in Mexican pesos, up from 30 percent at the beginning of last year, Javier Montero, one of the fund’s managers, said in an interview at the company’s headquarters in Santiago.
 Twenty-five percent of the fund is invested in corporate debt denominated in Brazilian reais and 12 percent in Colombian pesos.
 High Yield Moneda’s Latin America high-yield fund can have as much as 15 percent of its total assets invested in distressed bonds, Montero said.
 We’re tickled to have our own money invested in this market right now” Itausa is the Brazilian equity funds’ biggest holding, according to Gulbrandsen, who said the lender is “well managed” and historically trades at about three times book value.
March 3 (Bloomberg) -- Business Growth Fund Plc invested in 3Sun Group, a British company operating in the oil, gas and wind power industries, to help it expand in the UK.
 Private-equity firms last year invested the most since at least 2008 in shipping, according to Marine Money, an industry researcher and publisher.
 The New York-based insurer’s $4888 billion portfolio is mainly invested in bonds.
 The firm invested in commercial property in Washington, San Francisco and Boston in a $17 billion joint venture with Norges Bank Investment Management.
 Zell’s Chicago-based Equity International, which he co-founded with Gary Garrabrant in 1999, has invested $2 billion in real estate-related companies around the world, including in Brazil, China and Mexico.
 Equity International has invested about half of its total assets since the beginning in Brazil, including companies like home builder Gafisa SA and mall builder BR Malls Participacoes SA, according to Allison Davis, a vice president at Equity International.
 Carlyle Group in 2008 invested $87 million in a partnership with China’s Sinorgchem, which makes chemical additives for rubber.
 Pimco Mortgage-Backed Securities Fund, offered in a variable annuity strategy from Columbia and created in 2010, invested in highly rated mortgage securities and sought to provide investors with total return through income and capital appreciation, TCW said in the statement.
 Overhead Costs PepsiCo is bloated with billions of excess overhead costs that could be invested in beverage brands like Pepsi-Cola that have suffered from years of underspending to mask slowing growth and shrinking market share, Trian wrote.
 Melrose has returned 30 percent to its shareholders over the last year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 12 percent gain for the FTSE All-Share Index.
 CCMP will get more than three times the amount it initially invested, people familiar with the matter said.
 To boost profitability - at the time between 8 percent to 12 percent based on adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization -- the new owners invested 110 million pounds ($185 million) and moved some production to cheaper locations such as Asia and Eastern Europe.
 About $320 billion needs to be invested in infrastructure by 2030 if the economy is to expand 8 percent a year, according to a McKinsey Global Institute report.
 About 44 percent is invested in bonds, 75 percent of which are in tenors of more than 20 years.
 Visun Royal Yacht Hotel, which opened in 2008 overlooking Sanya Bay, has 216 berths and Wang, with a net worth of $11 billion on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, invested 380 million yuan to set up Hainan’s first jockey club in 2012.
 He looks at companies’ ability to generate EVA, or economic value added, which is profit after taking into account capital that has to be invested to earn it.
 While it depends on government funding, Balsillie says that for every dollar invested through the organization, the private sector invests $14 in follow-on funding.
 “When you have a blockbuster game like ‘Candy Crush,’ you’re going to realize a pretty significant performance” Index Ventures, a Geneva-based venture-capital shop that invested $6 million alongside Apax in 2005, also would reap about a 10,000 percent paper profit.
 sold 3 billion pounds of new securities due in 2024 this week, while the Bank of England reinvested 405 billion pounds of funds related to their asset-purchase program.
 That’s more than double the amount invested in 2012.
 stocks advanced 160 percent and the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index climbed 51 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 TA Associates Inc, which invested in the London-based company before its initial public offering in 2010, sold its remaining 106 percent stake.
 Oaktree Investment Oaktree, a Los Angeles-based firm with $84 billion under management, invested $100 million in Genesis Capital LLC in January to make loans to investors who fix and flip foreclosed homes.
 That vehicle is producing a return of 29 percent on invested capital since inception, the person said.
 The company has about $800 million of debt, meaning that should the target sale price be met KKR will receive less than a third of the 385 million euros of equity it has invested during its ownership, the people said.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 18 percent including reinvested dividends.
 The turmoil in Ukraine threatens to upend markets after a month in which the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Broad Market Index of bonds returned 05 percent, including reinvested interest.
 The venture-capital portfolio started by Judge when AT&T was still operator of the Bell System telephone monopoly swelled to $15 billion, invested in 180 partnerships by his retirement in 1995, according to a biography on a website of Burgiss Group LLC, a Hoboken, New Jersey-based company where he was an adviser.
 Ross, known for turning around struggling industries from steel to textiles, first invested in shipping in 2011.
 “We first invested in shipping about two years ago knowing it was a volatile industry, but it has proven to be even more volatile than we had anticipated,” Ross said.
 Ergen, who also invested in the company’s debt, was testifying in a hearing that will determine how his $1 billion claim is treated in the reorganization of Philip Falcone’s LightSquared.
 stocks advanced 160 percent and theNYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index climbed 51 percent, includingreinvested dividends.
 “We’re going to miss him” At the end of 2013, according to the fund’s annual report, 52 percent of assets were invested in eight companies: Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc, Berkshire Hathaway Inc, TJX Cos, Fastenal Co, Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc, Precision Castparts Corp, MasterCard Inc.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 18 percent in 2014 including reinvested dividends.
 Sorrell declined to say how much WPP had invested in China Media Capital’s new US.
 Jive has invested in companies including Recrusul SA, which manufactures industrial food-refrigeration equipment, and Cambuci SA, which designs and markets athletic footwear and apparel under brands including Penalty and Converse.
 of Japan invested 200 billion yen ($2 billion) into the Tokyo-based company in 2012.
 The higher costs and risks of drilling horizontally are justified because the return on each dollar invested is so much greater, he said.
 said it invested $740 million in Cloudera Inc, in a funding round that values the closely held big data startup at $41 billion.
 Intel has invested in other big data startups.
 US-based ETFs invested $909 million in Russian equities yesterday, the most inflows among 46 country-specific funds tracked by Bloomberg.
 “But for PwC’s erroneous accounting advice, MF Global Holdings could not have -- and would not have -- invested heavily in European sovereign debt to generate immediate revenues and would not have suffered the massive damages that befell the company in 2011,” MF Global said in the complaint.
 Burkle invested $100 million in Combs’ Sean John clothing line, Women’s Wear Daily reported in 2003.
 stocks advanced 160 percent and the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index climbed 51 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 Orange County will pay Pantheon fees of 026 percentage point to 055 percentage point on invested capital depending on the size of the pension’s commitment and the total size of the pool, Miller said.
 Tesla has invested about $500,000 in state and federal politics, according to data from the two groups.
 Li said he doesn’t mind an increase in the corporate tax rate, say of 05 percentage point, if the government revenue is invested in education, according to Caixin.
 SMA, which has invested 300 million euros in the last three years on research and development, is developing a “completely new product platform for all applications” that will lead to lower material costs, Chief Executive Officer Pierre-Pascal Urbon said today on a call with analysts.
 “The world is nowhere near fully invested.
 About 75 percent of the fund’s 412 million ringgit ($126 million) of assets are invested in debt with maturities of more than three years, 21 percent in notes of three years or less, and 42 percent in cash, according to its fact sheet dated Jan.
 Before gathering money from clients, KKR’s fund invested in drilling partnerships with Comstock Resources Inc, Raptor Petroleum LLC and Cinco Energy Services.
 The company builds the DS line of cars with another partner, China Chang’An Automobile Group, in Shenzhen, where they invested 9 billion yuan ($15 billion) in a plant with an annual capacity to produce 200,000 vehicles.
 Fund managers who have invested in the preferred shares include Paulson, famous for his successful 2007 wager that US.
 Ralph Nader Units of private-equity firms Blackstone Group LP and Carlyle Group LP were invested in the shares last year, according to people with knowledge of their investments, while hedge fund Marathon Asset Management LP Chief Executive Officer Bruce Richards said on Bloomberg Television last month that he sees betting on the companies as the best opportunity out there.
 “Over the course of this debate, Fannie and Freddie will have generated at least $250 billion to $300 billion in earnings, far in excess of the $187 billion that Treasury invested in them,” LaVier said.
 and after being under-invested in risk assets during the last two years, ETF investors are willing to take on corporate credit and equity risk, according to Scott Carmack, a money manager at Portland, Oregon-based Leader Capital Corp, which oversees $11 billion in fixed income.
 Politicians are responding to local media reports questioning whether the state-run fund followed its mandate when it invested in the auto racing group ahead of a planned initial public offering.
 The fund invested in Formula One because it saw “a big potential for good returns” and after a thorough risk analysis, she said.
 Meanwhile, the China Securities Regulatory Commission plans to require money-market funds to set aside provisions to cover unpaid interest, as 90 percent of these funds were invested in negotiable deposits, and any repayment risks in the interbank market will spill over to fund buyers, Caixin magazine reported on Feb.
 Most are invested in government bonds and other fixed-income securities.
 “That’s the upside of the company, and a stock price that’s gotten clobbered based on short-term fixable issues that reflects the belief that it’s a fad when it’s not’ Tilson said he invested in Deckers in February 2013 when the stock traded at $41, and sold it a year later at $78 a share.
 “From virtual reality to augmented reality to wearable displays, it’s going to change the world in so many ways” Digital World Spark Capital, the Boston-based venture capital firm that helped fund Oculus along with Matrix Partners and Andreessen Horowitz, also invested in Thalmic Labs Inc, another maker of wearable devices for the virtual world.
 “It’s hard to see anyone who comes close to what Oculus is doing,” said Fuller, who personally invested in Oculus’s first round of financing before joining Accel in July.
 The company invested in Macau a decade ago and has since become the largest foreign casino operator in the city, which is about an hour by ferry from Hong Kong.
 The opposition Labor Party is responding to local media reports questioning whether the state-run fund followed its mandate when it invested in the auto racing group ahead of a planned initial public offering.
 They clearly think the company has good fundamentals” Standard Chartered Olam’s case isn’t the first time Temasek has taken an active role in companies it has invested in.
 Between 2007 and 2009, the LIA invested about $21 billion with the French lender, according to its court documents.
 TA, which invested in London-based Jupiter before its initial public offering in 2010, sold about 486 million shares at 406 pence apiece, according to statement from JPMorgan Cazenove, which managed the deal.
 The men invested more than $33 million over four years to buy securities in 13 transactions, including OfficeMax Inc.
 While Bolognese, who invested $750,000 to get the concept going, is currently the sole financial backer, he said he received an offer of $1 million for a 20 percent stake.
 said it bought part of high-speed trading firm Infinium Capital Holdings LLC, which former employees sued claiming they invested in the company without realizing its finances were deteriorating.
 Mando bought 3785 billion won ($355 million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in the affiliate, then called Halla Engineering & Construction Corp, according to regulatory filings in April.
 “The sooner they can sell these assets, the quicker they can reverse such provisions and obtain liquidity” Investment in Spain by funds, private-equity firms and other financial-services companies totaled 139 billion euros in 2013, according to Irea, more than double the amount invested in 2012.
 While Sweden’s four largest banks meet the requirement, only Swedbank AB publishes how much it’s invested in kronor.
 It invested $104 million in 633 homes compared with $204 million on 1,251 homes in the previous quarter, the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company said in a statement.
 The government hasn’t invested in either firm.
 Last month, Google Capital invested $40 million in Web education company Renaissance Learning Inc, and last week provided $50 million to online real estate auction firm Auctioncom LLC.
 In the Patheon transaction, JLL led a group that invested $500 million for a 51 percent stake in DPx Holdings BV, a joint venture with Heerlen, Netherlands-based Royal DSM, the companies said today in a statement.
 Patheon Profit JLL in 2007 invested $150 million in Patheon through the firm’s 2005 fund, which later increased the amount to $244 million.
 JLL invested in BioClinica in March 2013.
 Existing backers got back about 47 percent of what they had invested, Miles said.
 “The fourth-quarter results are outperforming expectations surprisingly, especially in the banking sector, which is reassuring because it’s critical the financial system remains healthy” Mandiri Earnings The fund had 78 percent of its assets invested in Indonesia, and more than one-third of the total in banking stocks at the end of September, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The pension fund’s opposition traces back to a transaction last year, where Mando bought 3785 billion won ($355 million) of new shares in Meister, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, then called Halla Engineering & Construction.
 Taxpayer ‘Victims’ GTCR has invested more than $10 billion in 200 companies since 1980, according to its website.
 The pension has invested with GTCR since 2000 and firm has produced a 25 percent annualized return for the 10 years ending in 2013.
 Twelve Australian councils lost more than 90 percent of the A$16 million they invested in the notes, which were linked to credit-default swaps on investment grade companies.
 The bank has invested in the group’s buyouts and received US.
 Prashant Bhushan, a lawyer and member of the Aam Aadmi Party, which ruled Delhi state for 49 days until February after rising to power from a anti-corruption campaign, alleged in court today that Singapore-based Biometrix Marketing Pvt, which invested in some Reliance units, had no assets or equity.
 The stock has slumped 75 percent since June 2010 when the Carlyle Asia Partners III LP fund invested about S$210 million ($166 million) buying 1135 million new shares at S$185 each, plus 267 million warrants.
 “Watch Vodafone Germany because it will always be one to two years ahead of the others” Vodafone’s revenue has started to slip in Germany, its largest market accounting for almost a fifth of sales, after the company said it underinvested in its network and price competition with other carriers cut into revenue.
 Since its creation in 2005, Wilton Re has invested at least $17 billion in acquisitions and risk-transfer deals, according to the statement.
March 28 (Bloomberg) -- Greenlight Capital Inc’s David Einhorn invested in IEX Group Inc, a five-month-old trading platform designed to address perceived flaws in the US.
 Lar Espana is targeting a total shareholder return rate of more than 12 percent a year when all net proceeds have been fully invested, according to the documents.
 31, the buyout firm had invested in more than 470 corporate transactions, returned an average of 30 percent annually to investors, and oversaw almost $189 billion.
 “In general, dry gas plays have very marginal economics and the industry is no longer pursuing them,” said NGP chief executive officer Kenneth Hersh, whose firm co-invested in Samson.
 “I believe ports in Vietnam will do well when the world economy has recovered” Cai Mep About $2 billion has been invested in state-of-the-art terminals at Cai Mep port, Vietnam’s only deep-sea facility located at the mouth of the Cai Mep River and South China Sea, by foreign investors and state-owned and private Vietnamese companies.
 Intel, Samsung Intel, based in Santa Clara, California and the world’s largest chipmaker, invested $1 billion to build its largest test and assembly plant on former rice fields in Ho Chi Minh City, which opened in 2010.
 The stock has returned 27 percent in the year through yesterday including reinvested dividends, compared with 21 percent for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 After financing construction in Toronto of such condominium projects as Lanterra Developments’ Murano and Burano towers near Bay and College Streets and the art-deco inspired College Park highrises, Tricon hasn’t invested in the city since 2012.
 The $340 billion economy contracted 05 percent in the fourth quarter from the third as consumers cut spending and businesses invested less.
 Olam had invested in projects that would fail to generate large enough returns to pay back debt, it said.
 Before the deal, Vodafone’s German revenue had started to slip after Colao said the company underinvested in its network and price competition with other carriers cut into revenue.
 About 60 percent of the pension savings exchanged for annuities is invested in corporate bonds, according to the Treasury.
 He said he will issue a ruling on BlackBerry’s request to block Typo sales “promptly” James Asperger, a lawyer for BlackBerry, said the company will suffer irreparable harm if Typo is allowed to continue to sell the case because it has invested billions in the development of its keyboard and has lost sales to customers who buy the case instead of a BlackBerry Q10.
 “Many international oil companies have probably not invested enough at this stage to fight the legislation tooth and nail,” Anne Fruhauf, a southern Africa analyst at New York-based risk evaluator Teneo Intelligence, whose clients include US-based energy companies, said in an interview yesterday.
 The debut fund was generating a multiple of 17 times invested capital and a 16 percent net internal rate of return as of Sept.
 In 2007, MatlinPatteron’s 2004 fund invested in New York-based bond-trading firm Gleacher, which will liquidate after failing to find a merger partner or sell the brokerage.
 As much as 30 percent of the capital in the new fund will be invested in a pool designed to protect against price swings in the Australian financial markets, according to the statement.
 Enquest invested $4605 million in the Alma/Galia field in 2013.
 His holding company recently invested in an Indonesian oil services business.
 31, the buyout firm had invested in more than 470 corporate transactions, returned an average of 30 percent annually to investors, and oversaw almost $189 billion.
 By mid-November, the buyout firm concluded none of that was possible, even though Carlyle and some of its senior professionals had lent money to one of its original Scopel co-investment funds, which in turn invested in the developer.
 While Carlyle and its partners had invested $88 million as of mid-February, the company estimates Urbplan will need a total of $200 million to continue, according to regulatory filings.
 It has invested about 700 billion yen in 57 projects as it focuses on energy, electronics, information technology and biotechnology, it said in a Feb.
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, also invested in Circle.
 The digital currency exchange Kraken announced on March 24 that Hummingbird Ventures, a Europe-based firm, had invested $5 million.
 Olam had invested in projects that would fail to generate large enough returns to pay back debt, it said.
 “Tusk and Sikorski, especially, have invested so heavily that Berlin can’t simply go it alone with Russia anymore” Russia’s seizure of Crimea has given Tusk, 56, an opportunity to plug what he’s called gaps in Poland’s security.
 unit invested in Autoroutes Paris-Rhin-Rhone SA while negotiating to sell its stake in the road company to a third party, according to the AMF.
 Ikea has invested in wind farms in Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Poland, Sweden and the UK, including a November deal to buy a 46-megawatt wind farm in Alberta.
 Connecting Seats The Hawks invested “a bunch of money” to make sure every one of the arena’s 18,118 seats is connected, Levenson said, declining to be specific.
 An exemption would also be available for investors with at least $40 million of assets and financial records available for a dealer to inspect, thresholds that might rope in much of the money invested by even the largest fixed-income managers.
 SP Special Opportunities Inc, an Ergen fund that invested $1 billion in LightSquared debt, made the allegations following an eight-day trial on whether LightSquared can reorganize under a plan that puts Ergen’s debt behind other lenders and equity holders to be repaid.
 Tallest Building Kelleher invested in property in Dublin’s city center and London’s financial district while also building in Brussels, according to Shelbourne’s website.
 Declines over the last week have come amid a backdrop of losses for hedge funds, some of which invested heavily in technology shares that fell in the first quarter.
 Lampert, who is the retailer’s chairman, chief executive officer and largest shareholder, has invested in online capabilities and the Shop Your Way rewards program to reverse a sales decline that has now stretched for 28 straight quarters.
 Last year, venture-capital firms invested $13 billion in 222 companies in the New York metropolitan area as technology jobs rose to more than 100,000, he said.
 The state pension fund, which DiNapoli controls, invested $1228 million in 133 tech-related companies in the city between 2007 and 2013, he said.
 While screening prospective jurors for possible bias, the judge voiced concern that a man who claimed to own 1,000 shares of Apple is too invested in the company to be able to serve impartially.
 Cisco, which is grappling with slowdowns in emerging markets and threats to its core routing and switching businesses, has already invested $2 billion in more than 80 companies and 35 venture funds run by others.
 “We have been enjoying the extraordinary benefit” of the extra yield “for some time,” Robert Klein, a managing director at New York-based Prospect Capital Corp, said in a telephone call yesterday, noting the firm has about $1 billion invested in CLO equity.
 Virgin charged a 225 percent annual management fee, according to company filings, as the fund invested in renewable energy and resource-efficiency industries in the US.
 Private-equity firms invested $16 billion in sub-Saharan Africa last year, a five-year high and an increase from $11 billion in 2012, data from the Emerging Markets Private Equity Association show.
 The firm’s prior fund, which started deploying cash in 2011, was valued above cost at a multiple of 12 times invested capital and an 18 percent net internal rate of return as of Sept.
 Menlo Ventures invested in MobiTV Inc, a maker of software that lets smartphone users watch live television, which pulled its plans for an initial offering in July 2012 citing “unfavorable market conditions” It also bet on the music-streaming service MOG, which was sold to Beats Electronics LLC two years ago for $14 million.
 It acquired its 50 percent stake in the company from Salinas for $16 billion in 2012 and invested an additional 159 billion pesos last year.
 The current-account surplus coupled with benign inflation are reasons Western Asset is more heavily invested in the won than benchmarks suggest, Singapore-based portfolio analyst Kim Wontae said in an April 14 e-mail interview.
 PetroChina earned 77 percent on invested capital last year, while Sinopec returned 83 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “We’re invested alongside with the public,” he said.
 “We’re invested in exactly the same thing” The company has “50,000 miles of natural gas, NGL crude oil, refined products and petrochemical pipelines,” according to its website.
 Capital Projects Williams Partners, in an e-mailed statement, said it has invested $14 billion in maintenance capital projects over the last four years, more than comparable energy partnerships.
 General Electric, the world’s largest maker of power-generation equipment, had invested previously.
 The Greenwich, Connecticut-based firm, with about $17 billion in assets, already has an office in Sao Paulo, and has invested about $1 billion in companies in Latin America, according to its website.
 ‘Careful Analysis’ “Eike Batista was the biggest individual shareholder of OGX, with the biggest capital invested in the company, and the shareholder that lost the most when its business plan failed,” lawyer Darwin Correa, who is representing Batista in the case, said in the statement.
 In April 2013, Mando bought 3785 billion won ($358million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc,which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, thencalled Halla Engineering & Construction Corp.
 “We’ve invested a tremendous amount of time and effort into changing the company for the better over the past few years” AIG was designated a systemically important financial firm by US.
 Valuations are fair, and there’s still liquidity waiting to be invested.
 “We have invested a lot in knowledge, so when we now gather our troops we have learned so much that we consider opening our own stores,” Chief Executive Officer Goeran Bille said in an interview yesterday at Lindex headquarters in Gothenburg, Sweden.
 “We have invested in modern loading and unloading infrastructure, human capital and a port pier,” Bengue said.
 Challenging Daimler The German manufacturer has thus far reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in buying control of Scania and MAN in the last decade as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost profit.
 The New York-based firm invested about $360 million of equity in a $17 billion leveraged buyout of Michael from Thomas H.
 Chindex Offer TPG’s latest fund is the firm’s second biggest in Asia, and has already invested in three companies, including China-focused broadcaster Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd.
 TPG’s fourth Asian fund, raised in 2005, is returning about three times the capital, the people said, after the firm invested in companies including Australian retailer Myer Holdings Ltd, India’s Shriram Transport Finance Co.
 Google has invested more than $1 billion in renewable energy worldwide, including two prior deals in residential solar, the company said on its website today.
 Baidu, owner of China’s most-popular search engine, has invested in and acquired services to help it compete with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 “They are where the investment has gone in fuel cells and where the global original equipment manufacturers are that have invested in these products,” he said.
 VW has reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in the last decade to purchase control of Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost profit.
 The fund’s sensitivity to interest-rate moves makes it a less compelling option for investors seeking alternatives to conventional bonds, even though it has invested in less risky and speculative-grade debt, Morningstar’s Michael Herbst, director of active funds research, and senior analyst Eric Jacobson said in the report today.
 A local private-equity firm invested in the company this year, and Su said he now plans to list on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
 “In an environment where yields are low and the international community is still underinvested, there’s a real attraction to go into the markets that offer yield pick-up and Italy is one of them” Italy’s 10-year yield fell seven basis points, or 007 percentage point, to 311 percent at 4:55 pm.
 “We have been cheated by CCB,” said Wang Fengying, 60, a Shanxi resident who said her husband had invested 1 million yuan in the product.
 Trust Assets “They told us the interest rate is three times the bank saving rate,” Wang, the woman whose husband had invested in the Songhuajiang River trust, said.
 Intel’s venture unit, Intel Capital, has invested more than $670 million in 110 companies in China since 1998, the semiconductor maker said in a statement.
 The MSCI World Index, which tracks stock markets in the developed world, gained 21 percent, including reinvested dividends, over the past 12 months.
 The S&P 500 gained 21 percent with reinvested dividends over the same span, while dollar-denominated bank bonds tracked by a Bank of America Merrill Lynch index returned 22 percent.
 It seems likely pension funds that are invested in Blackstone will increase their allocations over time” Blackstone trades just below its IPO price of $31 a share.
 Of its total investments PIC has 2 percent invested in the rest of Africa and 5 percent outside the continent.
 Africa Investments PIC has invested in four companies on the continent outside of South Africa, namely Ecobank Transnational Inc, Dangote Cement Plc, Camac Energy Inc.
 The Caisse de Depot invested in future Osisko gold production because it’s a sound transaction that meets the fund’s risk-return criteria, Maxime Chagnon, a spokesman, said today by phone from Montreal.
 GE has already invested $10 billion in mostly wind and solar plants.
 The MSCI All-Country World Index climbed 17 percent, including reinvested dividends, in the 12 months ended March 31.
 Goldman Sachs invested about $360 million of equity in a $17 billion leveraged buyout of Michael from Thomas H.
 It is up 37 percent in 2014, or triple the 11 percent gain from the MSCI All-Country World Index of shares, which includes reinvested dividends.
 There are countries who don’t feel as invested in this post-Cold War order” German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Europe’s most powerful leader, is nevertheless now trying to embrace tougher sanctions on Russia despite the interests of some of her biggest companies.
 Institutional Venture Partners, Northgate Capital, Performance Equity Management and Glenmede Investment Management invested in the round, along with earlier investors Merus Capital, Accel Partners and Peter Thiel, the company said.
 “This is equity we have already invested and we recover it” For investors, the appeal is dividends.
April 4 (Bloomberg) -- Hong Kong Jockey Club began making direct allocations to hedge funds, said Jacob Tsang, director of group treasury at the city’s only horse-racing operator, which has invested more than $1 billion in alternative assets.
 The club had invested in one of the managers through funds of funds before, he said, without identifying it.
 It is up 36 percent in 2014, exceeding the 16 percent gain from the MSCI All Country World Index of shares, including reinvested dividends.
 Fund Growth Private equity funds invested more than three times as much in sub-Saharan Africa last year as they did in 2012 as the number of deals during the period rose to 84 from 58, according to the 2014 East Africa Private Equity Confidence Survey released by Deloitte.
 Swatch needed advice from UBS because it hadn’t invested in an absolute-return product before, Alexander Schwartz, a lawyer representing the Biel-based company, said at a hearing in Zurich today.
 The stock has returned 12 percent including reinvested dividends in the past year, trailing the 14 percent gain of the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 will freeze the size of its jet fleet through 2015, a one-year extension, as the largest discount carrier focuses on boosting its return on invested capital.
 “We should be in a position after 2015 to grow the fleet if the economics and the business are right” Showing a higher return on invested capital is part of Southwest’s push to broaden its appeal to investors, along with stock buybacks and the longest-running dividend among major airlines.
 Gains Posted Financial Select rose 33 percent last month, including reinvested dividends, and Regional Banking climbed 4 percent, while the S&P 500 increased 08 percent.
 “Automakers have invested billions of dollars in researching and developing new technologies, and we’re eager for consumers to embrace our new innovations,” Newton said.
 Northern Trust has fallen 36 percent this year, including reinvested dividends, compared with the 8 percent drop by the Standard & Poor’s 18-company index of asset managers and custody banks.
 Trends Reverse Japan’s Nikkei 225 index returned 59 percent, with dividends reinvested, in 2013, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index jumped 32 percent.
 Stock hedge funds on average returned 22 percent in the quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, while the S&P 500 rose 18 percent with dividends reinvested.
 Funds that invested heavily in technology shares took a beating as popular holdings such as Chinese Internet company Baidu Inc.
 With mines aging and new oil and gas fields becoming harder to find, BHP’s return on invested capital has sunk to the lowest since 2003, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “If you’re going to float off a large chunk of assets that currently have a low return on capital, unless somebody’s got a magic wand, it’s really not going to do much” In 2011, as China devoured everything from iron ore to copper to feed economic expansion, BHP’s return on invested capital was 35 percent, Bloomberg data show.
 The average hedge fund has 63 percent of its assets invested in its 10 largest holdings, twice as much as mutual funds, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 BlackRock, the world’s largest money manager with $4 trillion in long-term assets, also invested in the notes, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 The average hedge fund has 63 percent of its assets invested in its 10 largest holdings, twice as much as mutual funds, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 The Caisse, which is Osisko’s fourth-largest shareholder, invested in Osisko’s future gold production because it’s a sound transaction that meets its risk-return criteria, Maxime Chagnon, a spokesman, said yesterday by phone from Montreal.
 Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner’s government expropriated a 51 percent stake in YPF from Spain’s Repsol SA in April 2012 after saying the Spanish oil company hadn’t invested enough in exploration.
 Higher Returns Valeant was pursuing long-shot disease cures when ValueAct invested in 2007.
 As of yesterday, Roche shares had returned 13 percent in the past year including reinvested dividends, compared with 11 percent for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Quarterly Dividend With dividends reinvested, shares have returned 12 percent this year to close at $7913 today, compared with the 14 percent rise in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
 Key Businesses Clean Harbors dominates hazardous waste collection, transport and disposal, its key businesses which “consistently earn a high return on invested capital and benefit from material barriers to entry,” Relational said.
 The fund wants the company to refocus on that core and improve return on invested capital, after a series of acquisitions in recent years, including the $125 billion takeover of Safety-Kleen Inc, which expanded into parts cleaning and oil re-refining.
 Fonterra, which got 13 percent of its revenue in China in fiscal 2013, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, has invested NZ$72 million ($62 million) to raise mozzarella output at its Clandeboye, New Zealand, plant.
 ‘Decent Investment’ “If they can collect some cash flows and recover the invested amount, that would justify this as being a decent investment,” Takehito Yamanaka, an analyst at Credit Suisse Group AG in Tokyo, said before the announcement.
 The shares have gained about 35 percent in the last year, including reinvested dividends.
 Seeking Deals Staub has been searching for acquisitions for at least 2 1/2 years as the bank targets total client assets, including those held in custody and invested in structured products, of 175 billion francs ($198 billion) this year, compared with 1631 billion francs as of Dec.
 “The majority of the EU funds were invested in infrastructure, which increased competitiveness” Low Debt Poland’s national debt is capped at 55 percent of its economic output by law, a level most of western Europe can only dream of.
 “And that has totally changed the future of the company” Astra’s shares have climbed 52 percent, including reinvested dividends, since Soriot took the helm on Oct.
 Including a dividend of about $101 million received last May, total proceeds from the Sunrise deal came to more than five times the $82 million the group invested in January 2013, according to the letter.
 That will build upon the $10 billion that GE has already invested in 17 gigawatts of mostly wind and solar plants since forming the unit in 2006, said EFS Chief Executive Officer David Nason.
 ‘Confirmation’ “We’d view a bull-market confirmation as one reason to stick with our nearly fully invested posture,” he said today in an interview by e-mail.
 We’re not going to look at this as kind of a something to do in terms of the social license or trade issues” China has invested about $37 billion on Canadian energy producers, including Sunshine Oilsands Ltd.
 The billionaire hedge-fund manager has bought municipal debt of the commonwealth, invested in its hotels and is building a vacation home in one of its most exclusive resorts.
 He considered relocating to eliminate taxes on his gains from money he has invested in his own hedge funds, four people who had spoken to him said in March 2013.
 The Standard & Poor’s 18-company index of asset managers and custody banks has slipped 53 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 The stock has returned 75 percent in the past year including reinvested dividends, trailing the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index’s 18 percent return.
 Shares of Santa Monica, California-based Anworth plunged almost 20 percent, including reinvested dividends, in 2013.
 31, Anworth shares lost 16 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 “Over the past five years, including during one of the most difficult stock market environments and prolonged economic recessions in history, a continued investment in Anworth has produced a 607 percent cumulative return on investment (including reinvested dividends),” the firm said.
 Funds where Western disclosed its involvement over the past five years have seen an average total return of about 15 percent, without dividends reinvested, from the time the hedge fund took a role through April 15, data compiled by Washington-based Compass Point show.
 Banks including HSBC Holdings Plc and UBS AG were sued by investors over their roles as custodians for funds that invested money with Madoff.
 VW has reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in the last decade to purchase control of Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost profit.
 BesTV invested $403 million for a 51 percent stake in the joint venture, while Microsoft put in $387 million for the rest, according a September filing.
 Of the eight carriers in which Etihad has invested or is pursuing a bid, only two, Aer Lingus and Air Seychelles, make money.
 That means NBCUniversal made a profit in Sochi, based on the $875 million that people familiar with the matter said it invested.
 President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner took control of YPF in April 2012, saying Repsol hadn’t invested enough in boosting output since acquiring the company in 1998.
 Blackstone, whose Invitation Homes unit invested more than $8 billion in 43,000 homes, slashed its buying pace by 70 percent from last year’s peak, Jonathan Gray, the New York firm’s global head of real estate, said in March.
 providers of self-invested personal pensions.
 Four Lawsuits Quah invested as much as S$120 million in Blumont, LionGold and Asiasons Capital, according to a March 28 Singapore court ruling.
 “BMW invested a lot of money” on their electric-car push and using carbon fiber, said Stefan Bratzel, director of the Center of Automotive Management at the University of Applied Sciences in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany.
 It had 1371 billion rupees of cash and equivalent invested in rupee funds and $153 billion in dollar funds as of March 31.
 He advises having 80 percent of funds invested overseas.
 The pension fund that looks after the retirement savings of 19 million people has 32 percent of funds in overseas equities and 23 percent invested in Australian equities.
 The majority of money invested offshore by pensions is through external managers, many of whom are beating a path to the door of the Australian funds in the hope of a mandate.
 Fund Payouts Top executives also received payouts from funds managed by the firm during the year, including profits, return of money invested, and their portion of the funds’ management fees, known as overrides.
 The company hasn’t invested in a major foreign carrier since 2009, when it bought Austrian Airlines, London-based BMI and 45 percent of Brussels Airlines.
 Google is also financing renewable energy, and has invested more than $1 billion in 15 projects around the world in an effort to promote wider use of clean power.
 He considered a move to Puerto Rico to take advantage of a new law that would eliminate taxes on his gains from money he has invested in his own hedge funds, four people who had spoken to him said last year.
 “Limited partners don’t enjoy paying multiple managers fees to be invested in the same underlying companies,” said Jay Rose, a partner at StepStone Group LP, a San Diego, California-based pension-fund adviser.
 Fund VI, which was 85 percent invested at the end of September, is on a path to run out of capital by mid-to-late 2014, based on the current investment pace, said another investor who attended the annual meeting.
 Al Mazaya has invested 6 billion dirhams ($163 billion) in the Dubai real estate market so far, according to Al Saqabi, who became CEO in April 2013.
 The stock returned 21 percent including reinvested dividends in the past year, outpacing the 14 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 has invested dedicated resources towards this, both commercially and diplomatically,” Masilela said.
 Wine Business Eurnekian, who was born in Argentina, has invested heavily in his ancestral home of Armenia, running the main airport, postal service, a bank and vineyards.
 Of the $1 billion Trafigura has invested in the US, the majority was spent in the past five years, the company said.
 The pension fund’s opposition traces back to a transaction last year, when Mando bought 3785 billion won ($359 million) of new shares in Meister, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, then called Halla Engineering & Construction.
 VW has reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in the last decade to purchase control of Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost profit.
 The growth-equity unit of Fort Worth, Texas-based TPG invested about $40 million this month in Apollo Towers Myanmar Ltd, said a person briefed on the matter, who asked for anonymity because the transaction was private.
 In February, the company invested $23 million in Allana Potash Corp.
 The revenue is being reinvested in areas like food delivery.
 The private-equity firm also has invested in debt and purchased assets of bankrupt companies, such as Hostess Brands’ Twinkies business in 2013.
 The shares have gained about 4 percent in the last year, including reinvested dividends.
 The sale to Johnson Controls would double the pension manager’s invested capital, she said.
 Since then, Netflix has invested in more exclusive content from studios such as Walt Disney Co.
 American Homes 4 Rent would recoup 83 percent of the money that the Agoura Hills, California-based firm invested in buying and improving the homes, and may generate continuing returns in excess of 20 percent on the remaining amount, KBW analyst wrote in a May 7 report, citing rating-company reports.
 FSI, created three years ago, has 44 billion euros of funds, of which 26 billion euros is invested in Italian industries.
 After the completion of the second sale, each will have invested 800 million euros for their stakes in the automaker.
 In order to boost sales, the biggest online professional-networking service has been working to boost job-related services, particularly for smartphones and tablets, and has invested to expand its user base in China.
 The firm’s 2009 fund was producing a multiple of 13 times invested capital and a 12 percent net internal rate of return as of Dec.
 Temasek and one of its units announced two purchases in March that amounted to $89 billion, or 57 percent what the two companies invested last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 That’s more than double the amount invested four years earlier.
 “People overreacted, broke the law and destroyed properties of companies including foreign-invested firms, causing public disorder, affecting businesses and people’s lives, and harming the country’s investment environment and government’s external policies,” Dung said, according to the statement.
 Taiwanese companies have invested in Vietnam in part to avoid being too reliant on China, according to Shelley Rigger, a professor of political science at Davidson College in North Carolina.
 “Inalca’s a good business with well-invested factories which are much bigger than its Italian rivals,” Richard Brown, a director at food consultancy Girag & Associates, said by phone.
 Immelt said yesterday in a blog post sent to employees that GE has invested heavily in France and he’s confident now in the company’s chances to acquire Alstom.
 The group invested a record 22 billion dirhams during the year, largely on aircraft, he said.
 Bayerische Motoren Werke AG invested more than 1 billion euros ($139 billion) on making engines more efficient and developing electric vehicles.
 It invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley in 2008 during the global financial crisis, and spent about $35 billion to make regional lender UnionBanCal a wholly owned subsidiary, to strengthen its foothold in the world’s largest economy.
 Fund Flows Traders poured money into the iShares MSCI Italy Capped ETF for four straight months and invested $11 billion in the iShares MSCI Spain Capped ETF this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Other landlords that have announced plans for securitizations include Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, which is controlled by Barry Sternlicht and has $1 billion invested in 7,400 rental homes and non-performing loans, and American Residential Properties Inc, a Scottsdale, Arizona-based landlord with more than 4,000 homes.
 and MTN Group Ltd, Africa’s biggest mobile-phone operator, have invested in Nigeria to tap Africa’s most populous nation of about 170 million people and the biggest economy that the government says will expand 675 percent this year.
 Silicon Valley venture firm Andreessen Horowitz said it has invested in 60 private companies since its 2009 founding.
 Fixel said he invested in Peloton, which is named for the French word for cyclists riding in a platoon, because it “is disrupting the traditional at-home fitness market with its unique subscription business model,” and “the indoor fitness equipment market has lacked real innovation” Tiger’s Roots Tiger Global was started in 2001 by Chase Coleman, a so-called Tiger cub of veteran hedge fund manager Julian Robertson.
 The shares have declined 14 percent this year including reinvested dividends.
 “We have not invested in online dating because the churn rate is very high,” Stein said in an interview.
 Tesco’s price cuts, along with those by Asda, Morrison and Co-Operative Group Ltd, will amount to almost 1 billion pounds invested this year.
 “We’re beginning to see that not everything that glitters is gold at Deutsche Bank and that the years-long legal disputes leave strong brake marks in our numbers,” said Klaus Nieding, a vice president of DSW, a German proxy-voting agent representing shareholders with about 500 million euros invested in Deutsche Bank and other companies.
 About half the proceeds from the Encana sale will be used to repay debt and the rest will be reinvested in its energy business, the Phoenix-based miner said today in a statement.
 Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, the iPhone assembler which is the biggest unit of Foxconn Technology Group, said it would suspend operations for three days “out of concern for workers’ safety” Protection Vietnam has “urgently” ordered industrial parks, economic zones and provincial governments to take action to protect investors and the property of foreign-invested companies, Planning and Investment Minister Bui Quang Vinh said in a statement yesterday, adding that losses caused by violent protesters is “unfortunate” The minister blamed the violence on a few “extremists” and said about 300 participants would be prosecuted.
 He also plans to whittle down the broad portfolio of labels, which he today called a “jungle of brands” More Clubs TUI plans to expand the number of Robinson clubs to about 40 from 24 today, and wants the unit’s return of invested capital to rise to above 9 percent by year-end.
 The utility invested 602 million pounds in improving infrastructure including sewers and sewage treatment plants and reducing leaks, an 8 percent increase on a year earlier.
 Limited Rewards The German manufacturer has thus far reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in buying control of Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost overall profit.
 EBay owns a stake in Snapdeal since 2013 and was a part of consortium that invested $133 million in February.
 Amazon, based in Seattle, opened its India marketplace portal in 2012 and has since invested in warehouses, logistics networks and tie-ups with local shopkeepers.
 Individual investors are significantly underinvested in alternative assets such as private equity, Blackstone Group LP Chairman Steve Schwarzman said this week at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California.
 Substantial Investment Delaware and Maryland have “invested substantially” in AstraZeneca’s success and have a right to know what Pfizer’s intentions are, the governors wrote.
 BMW and SGL have already invested $100 million at the Moses Lake site, whose current capacity of about 3,000 tons of carbon fiber a year will jump to 9,000 tons in the medium term.
 Glenview initially invested in St.
 LNG Terminal Poland, with its history of tense relations with Russia, has invested in an LNG terminal to wean itself off Russian gas, and Lithuania has said it will do the same.
 The control that Temasek will have over the company should also give greater comfort for minority investors that stay invested in Olam, said Attavar, who had advised shareholders to retain their stock.
 The company invested $647 million in 2008 through 2013 aimed at improving the performance of its own assets.
 AEP also wants to be sure its coal plants won’t be prematurely retired after the company invested hundreds of millions of dollars to meet separate EPA rules on mercury pollution.
 The Wisconsin investment board’s ETF position was a transition mechanism amid a changeover in external managers, and the fund’s emerging market holdings remained stable in the period as it invested in other securities with exposure to developing nations, Vicki Hearing, a spokeswoman for the Wisconsin investment board, said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 It has invested in four African companies outside of the country.
 The UK’s biggest home and motor insurer increased first-quarter investment returns by 56 percent to 629 million pounds ($106 million) from a year earlier, as it invested in UK.
 While Chesapeake has withdrawn from the state, Encana said today it has invested more than $230 million there.
 “It’s poorly understood how much Tesla has invested in the state of California,” O’Connell said in an interview in Fremont, and “how much it’s added in just the past 18 months” Factory Legacy While California is a center for auto design, financing and marketing, its time as a carmaking hub appeared to end in 2009, when Toyota shut New United Motor Manufacturing Inc, the Fremont factory it shared with GM for 25 years.
 “Most money managers are generally fully invested and so one of the issues is that for these mega ones, the buy side has to free up some liquidity to buy the new IPO,” Skip Aylesworth, a portfolio manager for Hennessy Funds in Boston, tells Lu Wang.
 “People who are invested across the sector unceremoniously dumped stock in similar companies on the Twitter lock-up expiry,” said Ioan Smith, managing director at KCG Europe Ltd.
 Al Rajhi invested in Palm, the sharia-compliant part of the business, and brought in the Muslim scholar who blessed its practices, according to former employees.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- Denmark’s biggest pension fund, ATP, is looking for investments in real estate to generate higher returns as it redeploys funds previously invested in inflation-linked bonds.
 Russia Risk Fortress invested $200 million from its private equity-style credit funds in the quarter as the firm encountered high prices and high risk in potential deals.
 Cash was spent, “at least in part, on escort services,” they said in a filing, adding that Gorman chartered private jets “without any business purpose” Gorman denied wasteful-spending allegations in a January phone interview, saying he’d invested $15 million in the company and never took a salary or a dividend.
 The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Securities and Exchange Commission are examining whether during the past three years Mickelson and Walters traded using non-public information provided by Icahn about companies he had invested in, the paper said.
 The Russian company has invested more than $2 billion in the assets since 2004.
 Canada’s largest pension fund invested in the e-commerce company on two fronts: a $100 million direct investment in 2011, and a C$465 million ($450 million) commitment to a fund run by Silver Lake Management LLC, a US.
 Only Investment Linda Sims, a spokeswoman for the Toronto-based fund, wouldn’t confirm the precise amount the pension plan has invested in Alibaba.
 “Due to commercial agreements we are not disclosing the size of the stake or the amount of equity invested,” Sims said in an e-mail.
 Jafco Co, Japan’s biggest venture-capital firm, invested in the the company prior to its listing and has made at least 7 billion yen, Numajiri estimated.
 “I’ve invested billions of dollars in Ukraine and if the country ceases to exist, I’ll be bankrupt,” Firtash said.
 “We need more good quality projects onthe ground to give confidence about the performance of plantsand the expected long-term returns” Blackstone Investment New York-based Blackstone invested $300 million in NewDelhi-based Moser Baer Projects Pvt.
 “Deutsche Bank is a very powerful brand and has global reach as well as a good regional presence” Qatar, the wealthiest nation on a per capita basis, invested billions in emergency fundraising by Barclays in 2008, becoming the London-based bank’s second-largest shareholder in the process.
 The ADRs have returned 23 percent including reinvested dividends this year through yesterday, outpacing a 99 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 “Ian Read has invested a lot of his credibility, and he’s invested a lot of prestige in this process,” Hultgard said.
 H&M shares had dropped 74 percent this year through yesterday as the retailer invested in geographical expansion, new selling formats and online commerce.
 “I was surprised as well that they didn’t open the negotiations to Disney, Fox and other networks” Profitable Games The Comcast unit reported last month that it got $11 billion in revenue from the Sochi games, surpassing the $875 million it invested to cover the event in Russia, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 International Business Machines Corp, based in Armonk, New York, has invested at least $100 million in the continent, while Microsoft Corp, with headquarters in Redmond, Washington, is investing in what it calls the “Mawingu,” the Swahili word for “cloud” Google Inc.
 unit invested in the company while negotiating to sell its stake to a third party.
 Coffee, Lean Hogs “The broad theme was a pickup in interest, but not yet a pickup in money being invested,” Naqvi said.
 SoftBank has invested in more than 1,300 companies.
 Samsung Group may shift ownership into at least three holding companies that allow the family to retain control while reducing the need to tie up capital in cross shareholdings that could otherwise be invested in profitable projects, CLSA says.
 ‘Pretty Good’ To justify rejecting an offer of A$470, Treasury’s return on invested capital would need to be almost 15 percent, Michael Simotas, an analyst at Deutsche Bank AG in Sydney, said in a May 20 report.
 More recently, it has invested in companies including delivery service ShopRunner, mobile-application search engine Quixey and messaging app TangoMe Inc.
 The Oakland, California-based company has $1 billion invested in 7,400 rental homes and nonperforming loans.
 Pennsylvania Coal By selling the Dearborn and Columbus plants, in which it invested more than $2 billion, Severstal is completing the disassembly it began in 2010.
 Taiwanese companies invested about $28 billion in Vietnam in the past two decades, according to government figures.
 He added that Siemens has invested too much in acquisitions in health-care diagnostics, which include the 2007 takeover of Dade Behring Holdings Inc.
 “Berkadia has invested significant time in developing relationships -- particularly with life-insurance companies -- to expand our financing capabilities,” Ernie Katai, head of production, said in the statement.
 The company had $943 million invested in the retail business as of Sept.
 BC Partners first invested in the company in 2003 with private-equity firms CVC Capital Partners Ltd, Permira Advisers LLP and Investitori Associati SpA, which remained majority shareholders until a debt reorganization in 2012 when bondholders assumed control of the company.
 corporate bonds and about 23 percent on the Standard & Poor’s 500 index including reinvested dividends.
 private-equity firm Siguler Guff & Co, said his 25 institutional clients invested in Russia told him to go to the forum.
 “Each of those we spoke to said we have a moral, legal and fiduciary obligation to look after the $1 billion invested and to understand what’s happening on the ground” Juergen Fitschen, co-CEO at Deutsche Bank, was at the lender’s annual general meeting in Frankfurt yesterday after having been listed as a participant on the forum’s website in late March.
 Lampert, the company’s chief executive officer, chairman and largest shareholder, has invested in online and loyalty programs as he tries to reverse 29 straight quarters of sales declines.
 KKR, the private-equity firm run by billionaires Henry Kravis and George Roberts, invested in Cafe Coffee Day’s holding company in 2010 together with Standard Chartered Plc’s private-equity unit and New York-based New Silk Route Partners, according to a KKR press release at the time.
 “Mauser has been a very successful investment for DIC, providing a return of approximately double our equity invested,” Chief Executive Officer David Smoot said.
 They invested more than $500,000 in Atheros stock and options after they learned Qualcomm would be buying the company and before the $32 billion acquisition was announced, prosecutors said.
 is estimated to double in the next five years and grow to $450 billion in 10 years” Operating Profit Aviva Investors had about 68 billion pounds invested in multi-asset strategies as of December.
 Bright Food has reached a preliminary agreement with Apax Partners LLP, a private-equity firm that has invested in Tnuva, to acquire 56 percent of the Israeli company, Pan Jianjun, a spokesman for the Chinese company, said in a mobile-phone message today.
 The fund company invested $1 billion in Walgreen to become one of the biggest shareholders of the drugstore chain, Scott Ostfeld, a partner at Jana, said last month.
 at a 52 percent rate if the difference between that and the 15 percent capital gains rate were invested in a new kind of bond.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- Two BNP Paribas SA mortgage-bond traders who invested money for France’s largest bank left the lender’s New York securities unit last month, according to four people with knowledge of the departures.
 “If you had invested an equal amount in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, it would have returned 11 percent,” Moses said.
 He realized a 75 percent compound annual return on his Rothko, according to Moses, who added that if the $342 million had been invested in the S&P 500 Index during the same holding period, the return would have been 61 percent.
 “Ian Read has invested a lot of his credibility, and he’s invested a lot of prestige in this process,” Hultgard said.
 Sales in North America and most of its emerging markets grew in the first half, while conditions in Europe and Japan showed some improvement as the company trimmed its outgoings and reinvested in its businesses there.
 have invested billions of dollars to expand output, betting on sustained growth in demand from China, the biggest buyer.
 B/E has invested 67 percent of sales in the last decade in innovations ranging from the dimmable lighting for Boeing’s sculpted “Sky Interiors,” to compact lavatories and luxurious first-class seating, Howard Rubel, a New York-based aerospace analyst with Jefferies LLC, said in a May 5 report.
 “During the year we invested over 34 billion pounds in essential infrastructure while delivering one of our best years ever in terms of network reliability and resilience,” Holliday said in the statement.
 Billions Invested “Automakers are committed to the success of ZEV technology and have invested billions of dollars in the development and deployment of these vehicles,” said John Bozzella, president of Global Automakers, the main industry group for Asian and European car manufacturers.
 Saudi Binladen Group invested 15 billion riyals to gain a 166 percent stake in Jeddah Economic Co, the project’s owner.
May 5 (Bloomberg) -- Warren Buffett, who invested $5 billion in Bank of America Corp, said he’s confident the lender will overcome an accounting mistake that forced the firm to suspend an increased payout to shareholders.
 “What’s missing is the longer-term thinking in that decision-making process” A 30-year-old who cashes out $16,000 could lose $471 a month in retirement income cash flow by not leaving it invested in a retirement account, assuming retirement at age 67 and death at age 93, according to a Fidelity analysis.
 “The Monterey’s going to go through that learning curve where, over time, technology should be able to overcome some of those specific constraints” Early Optimism Those constraints have been felt by companies that have invested in the Monterey.
 In a letter to his investors after the case was filed, Obus said his funds researched and followed SunSource for more than 10 years and repeatedly invested in the company for more than five years.
 “There are really no fundamental reasons to be invested in gold,” James Cordier, the founder of Optionsellerscom in Tampa, Florida, said in a telephone interview.
 “The last time we saw a huge run-up in the value of mortgage servicing rights, we saw a large crash in people who invested in servicing only,” he said.
 “Having a healthy two-way market will actually keep things more balanced,” said Liu, whose fund, with about $450 million, has invested in the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac notes.
 Clarke, who has presided over three years of annual stock declines, invested 550 million pounds ($931 million) last year into the online endeavor.
 It has invested $500 million converting mills in the US.
 Net proceeds will be invested in projects across the state.
 and has since invested about $1 billion.
 The Columbus, Mississippi operation was started in 2007 and Severstal invested more than $1 billion into the project.
 Loeb invested in SoftBank because of its long-term value and wasn’t agitating for asset sales, a person familiar with the matter said at the time.
 In 2001 and 2002, NTT Docomo invested a total of about $102 billion in AT&T Wireless Services Inc, Hiroko Shimoyama, a spokeswoman for the carrier, said by phone.
 Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets, the business that he helps manage, invested A$4 billion ($37 billion) of equity in assets and divested A$65 billion in the past fiscal year, according to its 2014 annual report.
 The Bloomberg Global Developed Sovereign Bond Index returned 38 percent this year, versus 34 percent for the MSCI All Country World Index including reinvested dividends.
 Blackstone has invested $85 billion since April 2012 to amass almost 44,000 rentals in 14 cities.
 “We’ve invested in this community for nearly two centuries, and this agreement only deepens that commitment for the long term,” JPMorgan Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames said in a statement.
 “It is a fundamental irony that presently the government disadvantages the very banks it has invested in,” the committee said in its report, which covers 27 state-controlled lenders.
 and Rio Tinto Group have invested billions of dollars to expand output, betting on sustained demand from China as economic expansion in the world’s biggest buyer slowed.
 The company, run by hedge-fund manager Edward Lampert, has invested in online and is shutting stores and may seek buyers for its auto centers and Canadian unit.
 Buffett and Munger also have invested in stocks and control the largest stakes in companies including Wells Fargo & Co.
 Amway began operations in India 18 years ago and has invested $100 million in a manufacturing plant in the country, the company said in its statement.
 The bulk of the first family’s money is invested in US.
 Retirement Savings In addition to the president’s pension from the Illinois state legislature, where he served as a lawmaker, the Obamas listed three retirement accounts invested in the Vanguard 500 Index Fund, with a combined balance between $300,000 and $750,000.
 “Nothing in the last few weeks has changed our belief in the company or our support of its leadership,” said Matt Cohler, a venture capitalist at Benchmark, which invested in the microblogging service when it was a startup.
 Ginsburg countered that Petrella notified MGM of her claims before the company invested those sums.
 Under Soriot, AstraZeneca’s portfolio of experimental drugs in late-stage research “has been transformed from one of the poorest in the industry to arguably the best,” said Woodford, who’s still setting up his own fund but has 350 million pounds invested in AstraZeneca in funds he manages for St.
 Of the $1 billion Trafigura has invested in the US, the majority was spent in the past five years, the company said.
 That won’t be the case for the biggest producers including Rio de Janeiro-based Vale SA, Rio Tinto in London and BHP in Melbourne, that have invested billions to expand output, betting on sustained demand growth in China.
 pension, endowment or foundation manager has invested as heavily in emerging-market ETFs as the New Jersey Pension Fund, a $32 billion gamble at its height.
 The fund is currently invested in 82 countries and 44 currencies and is expanding into emerging markets.
 Sponsors invested more than $15 billion in the business through Dec.
 invested in messaging startup TangoMe Inc.
 America Movil has invested at a level that’s in excess of anyone else in that region” In an interview yesterday, Stephenson said he visited recently with Slim to discuss his plan to do the DirecTV deal and reaffirmed they had a strong relationship.
 The New York-based firm, which manages $272 billion, reported last month that its first-quarter profit rose 30 percent as the carrying value of its holdings invested and it collected more fees.
 Blackstone originally invested $4142 million of equity in a leveraged buyout of Parsippany, NJ-based Pinnacle.
 The fund also became the second-largest shareholder in Barclays and Credit Suisse after investing billions during the financial crisis, and invested in luxury European real estate.
 Morgan Stanley invested about $12 billion into the Revel casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, before writing down 977 percent of its value as the casino industry there collapsed.
 “If you had invested an equal amount in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, it would have returned 11 percent,” Moses said.
 He realized a 75 percent compound annual return on his Rothko, according to Moses, who added that if the $342 million had been invested in the S&P 500 Index during the same holding period, the return would have been 61 percent.
 “That’s why we named Robin so early, in the event he could be a potential successor” ‘Perfectly Capable’ JetBlue’s failings include not reaching its goal for return on invested capital, said Hunter Keay, a Wolfe Research Inc.
 shale gas until recently wasn’t even on the radar of most companies, which like Bayer instead invested in fast growing markets such as China, MacCleary said.
 Nippon Life invested in Newark, New Jersey-based Prudential Financial Inc.
 Alwaleed has a long affiliation with New York-based Citigroup, having first invested in the bank in 1991, according to Kingdom’s website.
 Bond Cutback Athene said in a March presentation it would reduce the portion of its money invested in corporate bonds in favor of structured assets such as mortgage securities.
 Cleco, which has one of the industry’s highest returns on invested capital, could make sense for CenterPoint Energy Inc, said Edward Jones & Co.
 They’re invested in being an early adopter and one of the first to figure out how virtual reality and gaming entertainment work together,” said Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe.
 Mike Stice, Access Midstream’s CEO, said that “since Williams invested in ACMP in 2012, it’s been clear to me that our companies share many common values” The merged company, which will use the name Williams Partners, would have 2015 adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of about $5 billion, Williams said.
 Firms that use quantitative models and algorithms to trade “are much more secure and better prepared for potential attacks than the average fund because they have invested more time and money in infrastructure and next-generation technologies,” said Ardiet.
 She invested in bonds from computer maker Dell Inc.
 To be sure, the first movers outside China have struggled with both Lynas Corp, which has invested about A$1 billion ($930 million) on a rare earths processing plant in Malaysia, and US-based Molycorp Inc, with a mine in the Mojave Desert, plagued by weak prices and delays in achieving output targets.
 Toronto-based Canada Pension invested $108 million to boost its stake in 1 Park Ave, a 925,000-square-foot property east of Herald Square, to 45 percent, the company said in its statement today.
 Pershing invested in Rockwood with the goal of boosting operating margins to a level similar to competitor Praxair Inc, Sheehan said.
 “This could be a monster company, if we can get connected in China,” Berg, who said he invested $15 million to $20 million in Skyonic, said in a telephone interview.
 Very Robust “This is a phase where you still want to be invested in US.
 Madrone also has invested in at least one company with closer ties to Wal-Mart.
 And he’s a board member of Hyatt Hotels Corp, a company that Madrone has invested in.
 Koerner, who took over the asset management division this year, is aiming to boost annual pretax profit to 1 billion Swiss francs ($11 billion) in the medium term from 576 million francs last year by strengthening investment performance and increasing collaboration with UBS’s wealth management businesses with invested assets of $198 trillion globally.
 “But let’s not forget that, given today’s coal prices, the company is still cash-flow negative” Bakala Criticism BXR Group, Bakala’s investment company, will inject 75 million euros in exchange for new NWR shares, while a further 50 million euros will be invested by other bondholders.
 That fund was about 79 percent invested at the end of March, according to the firm’s first-quarter earnings report.
 About 43 percent of its funds were invested in equities, it said in a statement.
 Mike Stice, Access Midstream’s CEO, said that “since Williams invested in ACMP in 2012, it’s been clear to me that our companies share many common values” The purchase, which isn’t contingent on the related merger, will increase Williams’ ownership of Access to 100 percent of the general partnership and 50 percent of the limited partnership, according to the statement.
 Yorkshire Building Society, which sold about 75 percent of the total amount invested in Credit Suisse’s Cliquet product, was told to pay 14 million pounds.
 between them invested $18 billion in London-listed African Minerals Ltd’s Tonkili mine, Africa’s second-largest iron-ore producer, including in rail and port infrastructure.
 It invested $150 million in a processing plant to be opened by September in the Emirates capital.
 The $176 billion fund invested in First Data as well as in Energy Future Holdings Corp, the Texas utility company bought by KKR, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for $48 billion in 2007, before natural-gas prices plummeted.
 New York-based Blackstone has invested $1 billion in commercial real estate across India to become the largest landlord in the country among private-equity investors, said IIFL Ltd, a Mumbai-based brokerage.
 Since its first deal in the Asia-Pacific region in 2007, Blackstone has invested $7 billion through about 30 transactions, including $3 billion of equity, according to the company.
 The luxury line was robbed of resources over the last two decades while Ford invested in its Premier Automotive Group that included Jaguar, Aston Martin, Land Rover and Volvo, which Fields oversaw from 2002 to 2005.
 Then he invested $1 billion to overhaul the Lincoln lineup with models that look less like the Ford models from which they are derived.
 The DAX is one of the few national benchmarks to add reinvested dividend payments to the share-price performance when calculating the index level, thereby fully reflecting an investor’s returns.
 Both companies saw their assets swell as the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index last year returned 32 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 Shares are down 18 percent this year including reinvested dividends.
 Hulic has invested about 15 billion yen to 20 billion yen in three hotels in Tokyo and the neighboring Yokohama area since 2010, according to the company.
 Shares in Bank of Ireland, led by Chief Executive Officer Richie Boucher, have almost tripled since Ross invested and he decided it’s time to exit as he puts money into companies elsewhere, including Greece’s Eurobank Ergasias SA.
 invested in Newark, New Jersey-based Prudential Financial Inc.
 ‘Mature Technology’ “Institutional investors that have in the past invested in government bonds are forced to look for alternatives amid low interest rates, and solar is an attractive one,” Philipp Seherr-Thoss, chief operating officer at Milk the Sun GmbH, a German online seller for solar power plants, said in an interview.
 Last year, the UK’s Lancashire County Pension Fund invested 12 million pounds in a bond for a community-owned solar park and Aviva Plc bought the photovoltaic installations on 4,000 UK.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index has gained 52 percent this year, with dividends reinvested.
 The company, backed by private-equity firm Lone Star Funds, which has invested in soured mortgages and related bonds, declined to comment on what it will do with the new loans, Alexandra Sowinski, a spokeswoman, said in an e-mail.
 Carlyle’s first financial-services fund finished raising $11 billion in 2010 and invested in companies including TCW Group Inc, BankUnited Inc, Duff & Phelps Corp.
 The fund was generating an 11 percent net internal rate of return and was valued at 16 times invested capital as of March 31, according to the firm’s first-quarter earnings statement.
 “They’re acting like a wounded animal in a corner,” Jorge Mariscal, the chief investment officer for emerging markets at UBS Wealth Management, which oversees $1 trillion in invested assets, said by phone from London.
 and SK Group invested in Emerald Technology Ventures AG’s clean tech fund, boosting money raised to almost $100 million.
 The Zurich-based firm declined to say how much each invested.
 PRIM, as the state plan calls itself, started this year pushing all its hedge-fund managers to cut fees, a move that could yield savings of $7 million for each $100 million invested, Trotsky said.
 ROE is a measure of how well a firm reinvested profit to generate additional earnings.
 Mike Stice, Access Midstream’s CEO, said that “since Williams invested in ACMP in 2012, it’s been clear to me that our companies share many common values” The purchase, which isn’t contingent on the related merger, will increase Williams’ ownership of Access to 100 percent of the general partnership and 50 percent of the limited partnership, according to the statement.
June 16 (Bloomberg) -- From offices in Omaha and Silicon Valley, Stephen George took Jeff Skoll’s fortune and helped create a family office that invested like a private-equity firm, taking bets on technology, healthcare and clean energy.
 Baring Vostok, a Moscow-based firm that first invested in the company in 2000, plans to sell almost its entire stake, worth about $710 million, by June 2015, Yandex said in a regulatory filing posted June 20.
 “No one expected that Yandex would be able to achieve such impressive results when Baring Vostok first invested in it in 2000,” Ivashentseva, a senior partner at Baring Vostok, wrote in an e-mail from Moscow yesterday.
 “The outsourcing of industrial facilities, retrofit programs for power plants and changing energy sources are not exactly markets that are tied to macro trends” The approach is rewarding investors, as Bilfinger shares have returned about 47 percent in three years, including reinvested dividends.
 He invested in the firm when it began trading in Toronto in December.
 CVC first invested 235 trillion rupiah ($270 million) in Link Net in 2011 and later increased its stake to 49 percent.
 Bloomberg LP, the owner of Bloomberg News, has invested in Andreessen Horowitz.
 “I know of English players who have invested in Picasso paintings and sculptures” The pay in the Premier League is luring more foreign talent, Deloitte said.
 More recently, he invested in social gaming company We R Interactive Ltd, whose “I Am Playr” mimics the life of a Premier League footballer.
 Hiroki Miyakawa, a spokesman for KDDI, confirmed the carrier invested in Gunosy while declining to disclose the amount.
 ROE is a measure of how well a firm reinvested profit to generate additional earnings.
 Steve Brozak, president of WBB Securities LLC who has researched and invested in infectious disease companies, said he would be more worried about whether other, more lethal pathogens were also improperly moved out of a high security area.
 “We are targeting the middle class, medium-sized corporates, institutions and any previously un-invested individuals.
 Menlo Ventures invested about $8 million in Dropcam in 2012 when the startup was valued at around $50 million.
 The Cushing 30 MLP index, which tracks the partnerships, has produced total returns of 24 percent over the last year, beating the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index’s 20 percent total return, which includes reinvested dividends.
 The fund had less than 20 outside clients who had $337 million invested, money that will be returned starting this month, the person said.
 KKR Prisma KKR said it will be focusing on KKR Prisma, a unit that has invested more than $10 billion in hedge funds, and the building of strategic stakes and backing of the firms.
 BXR Group, Bakala’s investment company, will inject 75 million euros in exchange for new NWR shares, while a further 50 million euros will be invested by some other existing bondholders.
 Singapore has invested at least 11 billion ringgit ($34 billion) in Iskandar Malaysia, a special economic zone in southern Johor established in 2006 that’s three times the size of the city.
 Investment Spree The 139 billion euros invested in Spain last year was more than double the amount in 2012, according to Irea.
 market is Nippon Life, which invested in Newark, New Jersey-based Prudential Financial Inc.
 The government “should tackle the problem and not escape it,” Shoeib, whose company has about $10 billion invested, mostly in Egyptian energy projects, said in an interview.
 Institutional buyers have invested more than $20 billion and acquired as many as 200,000 houses since 2012, according to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc.
 Blackstone Group LP’s Invitation Homes is the largest single-family landlord, having invested $85 billion on about 44,000 homes as of last month.
 Initial Investment Alaska Permanent Fund, which invests state oil royalties that finance annual dividends paid to state residents, invested $750 million in American Homes 4 Rent when the company was formed in 2012.
 He disagrees with those investors, has a buy rating on Valeant’s stock and said he feels that Valeant can “more than hold its own” ValueAct has been invested in Valeant since at least 2007.
 Intel also invested in MongoDB, which raised $150 million last October from a group that also included Salesforcecom Inc.
 German and international venture capitalists invested 136 million euros in startups in Berlin in 2013, up from 34 million euros in 2009, according to data supplied by McKinsey.
 In-Q-Tel, a venture-capital firm started by the Central Intelligence Agency to back companies with emerging national-security technology, invested in FireEye in 2009.
 While those who stayed invested in stocks may have recouped losses as the S&P 500 Index has rallied to new highs, only 12 percent directly held equities in 2010, compared with a 17 percent share three years earlier.
 The NCUA says those credit unions invested $174 billion in mortgage-backed securities, many of which the agency says were riskier than the offering documents indicated.
 Despite its enviable track record and the fact Onex has invested about six times as much money in the US.
 He said 15 percent of his fund is invested in Lar Espana Real Estate SOCIMI SA, another Spanish REIT.
 have invested in gas fields and liquefaction terminals in the US, Canada and Mozambique to secure supplies.
 That was more than double the amount invested in 2012.
 ‘Distinct Strategies’ About 37 percent was spent on real estate and the proportion to be invested in property assets is expected to increase by 20 percent this year, according to Irea Chief Executive Officer Mikel Echavarren.
June 20 (Bloomberg) -- Kevin Corrigan, who ran EIG Global Energy Partners LLC’s Brazil office as the fund invested $1 billion in the country since 2012, will retire next month.
 About $100 million has already been invested at Yanfolila in Mali, which has a 30-year mining license with 18 million ounces of gold inventories, according to the statement.
 The $558 million the state has invested has led to the creation of about 74,500 jobs, according to Perry’s office.
 The shares have gained 89 percent in the past 12 months, including reinvested dividends, valuing the drugmaker at 126 billion francs.
 It shows his spouse’s holdings in a tax-sheltered annuity, with $1,001 to $15,000 invested in each of several funds: Invesco VI Global Health Care, Dreyfus IP Technology Growth, Guggenheim Investments High Yield, Janus Aspen Enterprise, Janus Aspen Janus Portfolio, Legg Mason Western Asset Variable Global High Yield Bond, MFS VIT Utilities, Guggenheim VT Styleplus Mid-Growth.
 “Cash will be reinvested in the business.
 Having invested in both lumileds and automotive lighting over the past few years to spur growth, Philips is now seeking partners ahead of a next round of investment, van Houten said.
 The drugmaker’s shares have returned 86 percent this year including reinvested dividends.
 Yorkshire Building Society, which sold about 75 percent of the total amount invested in Credit Suisse’s Cliquet product, was told to pay 14 million pounds.
 The state company invested more than $8 billion during the past two years and will spend $5 billion this year.
 Shares Triple The stock has about tripled in the past two years, including reinvested dividends, outpacing the 60 percent gain of the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceuticals Index.
 “Turkish companies have billions of dollars invested there -- they fully carry the Iraq risk” While the turmoil roiled local debt markets, it’s unlikely to deter holders of Turkey’s foreign-currency bonds, according to Sergey Dergachev, who helps oversee about $10 billion in emerging-market debt at Union Investment Privatfonds GmbH in Frankfurt.
 Aramid contended that it invested $22 million in Class B notes in a so-called film-slate financing deal negotiated between Relativity Media, an independent movie financier and producer, and Sony Pictures in 2008.
 Sebag was part of a group that invested in American Apparel in 2011 through a private placement of shares to help it avoid a cash shortfall.
 Private equity and hedge funds are more lucrative per dollar invested than offerings such as mutual funds and index products, with most firms charging 2 percent in management fees and about 20 percent of profits.
 ETFs sold by BlackRock’s iShares unit, on average, charge an annual expense ratio of 039 percent, meaning clients pay $39 for every $10,000 invested, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 New Jersey had invested more than $1 billion in Blackstone funds, including with credit arm GSO Capital Partners LP, and wanted to see if it could lower the 15 percent management fee and 20 percent charged on profits.
 In February 2012, Blackstone invested $38 million, paying about 70 cents on the dollar.
 “Blessing has kept the boat afloat, even though it’s still moving very slowly,” Klaus Nieding, vice president of DSW, a proxy-voting group for small investors with almost 500 million euros invested in German firms, said in a telephone interview.
 The $176 billion fund invested in First Data as well as in Energy Future Holdings Corp, the Texas utility company bought by KKR, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners for $48 billion in 2007, before natural-gas prices plummeted.
 Blavatnik last year invested more than $400 million in the company.
 Firms that use quantitative models and algorithms to trade “are much more secure and better prepared for potential attacks than the average fund because they have invested more time and money in infrastructure and next-generation technologies,” said Sylvain Ardiet, a managing partner at Alphaserve Technologies, which advises hedge funds, private equity funds and other financial firms on technology.
 The Westport, Connecticut-based firm oversees $45 billion, more than 90 percent of which is invested in cat bonds.
 Clients’ invested assets in the Asia-Pacific region surged to 223 billion francs at UBS at the end of March, from 169 billion francs two years earlier.























 Since the turn of the century, many Gulf Coast refineries,including Royal Dutch Shell’s Deer Park, Texas, plant and ExxonMobil Corp’s (XOM) Baytown, Texas, facility, have invested inequipment upgrades to allow them to process the cheaper heavycrude.
 “After 2008, with the changed conditions providing smallmargins, owning 100 percent of the Pasadena refinery, withoutthe modifications to process heavy oil, yielded a low return onthe capital invested,” the company said.
 The company invested 300 million euros ($409 million) in its new dengue vaccine plant in Neuville-sur-Saone, close to Lyon.
 “Companies in which Apollo funds have invested have been among the most active in using opportunistic exchange offers and buybacks to reduce debt and extend maturities,” Fran McGill, an Apollo spokesman at Rubenstein Associates, wrote in an e-mail.
 Excluding these transactions “companies in which Apollo funds have invested would have minimal defaults” The average annual default rate for companies backed by the private-equity firms was 6 percent, according to the report.
 Vedanta has invested $29 billion since it bought a 784 percent stake in Konkola Copper Mines in Zambia for $261 million, Albanese said in a conference in London, the company said on its website.
 This compares with 65 percent invested in federal and state government bonds and 13 percent in equities.
 Explaining why it wanted to control Oncor, NextEra said it had invested more than $7 billion in transmission, power generation and other operations in Texas and is “seeking to add more through this transaction” ‘Strategic Investment’ “We hope that the bankruptcy judge and the executives at Energy Future Holdings see as much value in our proposal as we see in a potential long-term strategic investment in Oncor and Texas,” it said.
 VW has thus far reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in purchasing majority stakes in Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost combined profit.
 Assets were boosted by 875 million pounds of net inflows from individual clients invested mainly in Jupiter’s lower-fee fixed-income products.
 The refiner had 8156 billion rupees of cash and equivalents as of June 30, invested in mutual finds, government securities and deposited in banks, according to the statement.
 oversees about $15 billion, with more than half of it invested overseas.
 An economic revival may widen the valuation gap between the buyers and sellers, hindering deals, said BlackRock’s Singhania, unless a road builder was “extremely starved of funds and being forced by its bankers” Piramal expects the deal stalemate to ease as developers try to either repay their debt or seek to exit from projects they have invested for 5 or 10 years, to free up their funds.
 Gorman denied the wasteful-spending allegations in a January phone interview, saying he invested $15 million in the company and never took a salary or a dividend.
 The lender’s African private-equity unit has invested funds in Zambia Energy Corp, whose CEC Africa unit has bought the 600-megawatt Shiroro hydropower plant in Nigeria’s Niger state and also purchased Abuja Electricity Distribution Co.
 The stock has gained 20 percent in the past year, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 21 percent advance in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 $1 Assumption Money funds traditionally have maintained stable share prices at $1, meaning a dollar invested can always be redeemed for $1.
 Relevant Documents Pension funds that invested in Wal-Mart shares, including the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, the New York City Employees’ Retirement System and the Indiana Electrical Workers Pension Trust Fund, contend the retailer is hiding e-mails and other relevant documents about the Mexican bribery allegations to protect directors.
 With Whitworth and Whitman at the helm, Hewlett-Packard has cut 34,000 jobs, invested in new technology and replaced top executives.
 The men personally invested $100 million while their partners contributed more than $162 billion, Pacchia said in court filings.
 The shares had risen 98 percent, including reinvested dividends, this year through yesterday, compared with a 08 percent increase for the 18-member Standard & Poor’s Index of custody banks and asset managers.
 Spinning Spur II, now operational, is the second renewable-energy project in which the UBS fund has invested, according to the statement.
 Through the first five months of the year, foreign enterprises invested $489 billion in China, up 28 percent from the same period one year earlier.
 Fortress, the first publicly traded private-equity and hedge-fund manager in the US, has invested heavily in financial-services business with holdings including subprime lender Springleaf Finance Corp.
 Ford has invested $1 billion overhauling its Lincoln lineup with models that appear less like chromed up versions of everyday Ford cars.
 “We strongly deny the rumor” Global companies invested about 280 billion rupees ($466 billion) in Indian drugmakers in the three years through 2013 to gain greater control over factories that supply the lucrative US.
 The fund-of-funds was producing a 08 multiple on invested capital and negative 58 percent return rate as of Sept.
 OSI is hustling to fix what went wrong in China, where it has invested over $500 million in the past five years.
 While it’s impacting short-term results, “we’ll obviously be looking to get great returns on invested capital” Amazon doesn’t disclose certain information that could shed a light on whether its investments are working.
 The stock has declined 37 percent this year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 15 percent return in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 “I don’t always know what question not to ask to avoid insulting somebody but, in this case, I did” Cash Appeal Others in Buffett’s inner circle have asked him to increase his giving to Democrats, including Richard Holland, who first invested with the billionaire five decades ago and is the Hassebrook campaign’s other honorary co-chairman.
 The bank on July 18 said it has ensured the reimbursement at maturity of the capital invested by its non-institutional clients through commercial branch networks on all the commercial paper issued by Espirito Santo International and by Rioforte.
 AMG has invested in three money-management businesses this year, adding to its collection of boutique managers specializing in stocks, hedge funds and private equity.
 The MSCI All-Country World Index gained 24 percent, including reinvested dividends, in the 12 months ended June 30.
 invested in fast-casual restaurant Pizzeria Locale and is opening more locations.
 last year invested in a pizza concept, PizzaRev.
 African Assets “Lihir is a fabulous ore body and it’s recently been invested in, we’ve spent over $1 billion over the last few years,” Biswas said, referring to a plant expansion.
 Ford has invested $1 billion overhauling its Lincoln lineup with models that appear less like chromed up versions of everyday Ford cars.
 brand they invested in to reach their new home, so they began to plot their own business.
 Pop icon Madonna invested in New York-based Vita Coco in 2010.
 Trade Secrets/Industrial Espionage Hedge Fund Reports Are Confidential, Rhode Island AG Says Rhode Island’s attorney general’s office rejected a request from a newspaper for unredacted due-diligence reports on three hedge funds in which the state pension system has invested.
 The stock has returned 22 percent including reinvested dividends in the past year before today, matching the return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 said in a 2007 report that “companies focus far too much on measuring returns on invested capital rather than on measuring the contributions made by their talented people” “Financial performance increasingly comes from returns on talent, not on capital,” Lowell Bryan wrote for the consulting firm, offering ratios of profit and market-capitalization to employees at successful companies.
 If return on invested capital is out of vogue, no worry: Cynk doesn’t have any! And with a single worker listed in its last filing, it tops the market-cap-to-employee charts.
 Bison Capital has invested in Airmedia Group Inc, a Chinese digital media advertiser listed in the US, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 About 68 billion pounds is already invested in multi-assets, rather than a single asset such as equities.
 Growth in clothing sales remains elusive for Bolland, who has introduced two collections under a new team headed by former Jaeger CEO Belinda Earl, and invested 23 billion pounds ($39 billion) in revamped stores and the new online infrastructure.
 “Customers are really happy to be somewhere different and somewhere small-scale,” said De Royere, who invested in Corthay in 2010 after almost 15 years at LVMH, where he worked for the Vuitton and Loewe brands.
 “It seems like the time is favorable, with prospects of a pickup in Europe, the abundance of liquidity and funds that are ready to be invested, and interest rates that are still low,” Lafont said in an interview in Paris today.
 “You get back up and you fight” EBay invested in targeted marketing to get folks to return to the service, especially in Europe, Donahoe said.
 Zurich Insurance said it has invested $400 million in green bonds so far.
 “It’s not just about Total Return; it’s about all these other strategies and assets we manage literally all over the world” Pimco has prided itself on being a thought leader and a place for intellectual discourse, said Kurt Brouwer, chairman of Tiburon, California-based Brouwer & Janachowski Inc, who has invested in Pimco funds since the 1980s.
 Blackstone’s projections didn’t take into account that since 2008 more than $19 billion of private capital had been invested in the maritime industry “by sophisticated, return-driven investors,” Rothschild argued.
 M1 has invested S$16 billion and continues to make “significant network investments,” Chua Hian Hou, a spokesman for M1, said in an e-mailed response.
 The stock has returned 20 percent including reinvested dividends in the past year, almost matching the return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Kuehne & Nagel’s shares, including reinvested dividends, have returned 11 percent in the past year, generating a market value of 14 billion francs.
 “A lot of the shareholders in Shire are invested in Shire because it’s a high-growth story.
 It has already invested $385 million in the Gurgaon-based developer since 2011.
 Goldman Sachs has invested more than $3 billion in clean energy companies such as Nordex SE and Dong Energy A/S, according to the statement.
 Low interest rates have pressured earnings from MetLife’s portfolio of $505 billion, which is mainly invested in bonds.
 Glaxo has invested more than $350 million in developing the shot and expects to spend a further $260 million on it, according to the statement.
 They and another friend invested in a distressed fixer-upper property, Watkins said.
 “We continue to monitor the companies we are invested in and have faith that strong management teams locally will respond as necessary” Scholes’s top Israeli equity holdings include Teva Pharmaceutical, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
 The fresh fundraising comes two months after Flipkart got $210 million from Russian billionaire Yuri Milner’s DST Global, which has invested in some of the best-known technology companies including Groupon Inc, Zynga Inc.
 Milner invested in this round as well, along with Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC Pte, which in a statement yesterday called Flipkart a “trendsetter” Valuation Tripled The latest round of fundraising values Flipkart at about $5 billion, Bloomberg News reported July 23, citing a person familiar with the transaction.
 It has 54 percent of its money invested in stocks, its largest asset class.
 The stock has declined 57 percent this year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 15 percent return in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Earlier this year, the fund invested in Walgreen Co, the largest US.
 “Lindt has focused on the premium segment and invested in it for years.
 “We have invested so much in marketing research to see what the customers want and we are delivering on those expectations” Bharti Airtel shares gained 01 percent to 3366 rupees as of the close of trading in Mumbai.
 To boost sales, the biggest professional-networking website has been working to bolster job-related services and has invested to expand its user base in China.
 “Athene’s actions reveal a strategy that relies substantially on rapid growth, increasing the risk profile of the assets underlying the annuity contracts, increasing leverage, and lowering capital as a percentage of invested assets,” he said.
 As of last month, 49 percent of Athene’s portfolio was invested in NAIC 1 assets, the highest quality rating given by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, according to the website.
 in New York, paring losses this year to 17 percent including reinvested dividends.
 The connection was cemented almost two years ago when the group invested $94 billion to become the largest investor in Hong Kong-listed Ping An Insurance Group Co, China’s second-biggest insurer.
 The private-equity firm has invested about 80 percent of its $533 million GC Equity Partners II Fund, its flagship equity fund, Chief Executive Officer Karim El Solh said in March.
 Capital Group joins firms including Aberdeen Asset Management Plc building a presence in Spain in recent months after the value of assets invested in the country’s asset management industry rose 41 percent since the end of 2012.
 The company’s American depositary receipts have returned 35 percent this year including reinvested dividends, outpacing the 14 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 in New York, after losing 12 percent this year through yesterday, including reinvested dividends.
 The fund was about 83 percent invested as of March 31.
 Its predecessor, raised in 2005, had a 77 percent net IRR and 15 times multiple of invested capital as of the same date.
 Father Julian Slim, who recognized the depressed value of Mexican companies during the 1980s financial crisis and invested in assets from bottlers to cigarette manufacturers, sought similar opportunities in Europe in the past two years as constrained consumption and falling asset prices opened a window for him to invest cheaply.
 Pegasus changed to become a foreign-invested enterprise in August 2007, according to company filings.
 Sakellariou and Sclavounis said they were optimistic of recouping most of the 25 billion euros the fund invested in the banks by 2017.
 The German automaker has thus far reaped limited financial rewards for the billions of euros invested in purchasing majority stakes in Scania and MAN as minority investors resisted efforts to share technology that would boost combined profit.
 Brazilian Investments Gazit-Globe’s Brazilian unit has invested about 330 million reais ($148 million) since 2008 and operates four shopping centers in Brazil, aiming to boost that number to between eight and 10 in the next two to three years.
 It invested $1 billion in US.
 has invested in three Indian wind farms comprising 126 megawatts of capacity under development by Atria Power Corp.
 Accel Partners, Morgan Stanley Investment Management, ICONIQ Capital and Sofina SA also invested in Flipkart,according to the statement.
 Allianz has invested 46 billion euros in infrastructure debt and equity with projects including funding of a bypass in Marseille and of the M8 motorway in Scotland.
 “We won’t lose any money on the investment, but had we known that before, we would not have invested,” he said.
 The miner is seeking that Guinea recognizes the $700 million invested by the company in Simandou as a “credit” for the future auction of the asset, Chief Executive Officer Murilo Ferreira said yesterday during the call.
 More recently, it has invested in companies including delivery service ShopRunner, mobile-application search engine Quixey and messaging app TangoMe Inc.
 Shortly after, Jacobs invested $50 million to start United Rentals, an equipment-rental company.
 He invested $150 million into Express-1 Expedited Solutions, replaced the board and became CEO.
 Inflection Investment It then invested in Inflection Energy LLC, a Denver-based startup that was seeking capital from investors to explore for natural gas in the Marcellus Shale formation in Pennsylvania and New York.
 The connection was cemented almost two years ago when the group invested $94 billion to become the largest investor in Hong Kong-listed Ping An Insurance Group Co, China’s second-biggest insurer.
 and Japan Bank for International Cooperation have invested in United Arab Emirates’s clean and waste water management solutions company Metito Holdings Ltd.
 Those funds fueled property bubbles in cities such as Hong Kong instead of being invested in domestic assets, he said.
 French Directories Paulson has also invested in corporates where it can help engineer an event to boost returns, such as the debt of French directories company Solocal Group, according to a first-quarter letter, a copy of which was obtained by Bloomberg News.
 “These announcements hurt the management’s credibility going forward” Erste, the third-biggest bank in eastern Europe after UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG, invested in the former communist bloc in the past decade, seeking higher growth and profit than available in its domestic market.
 Treichl, the longest-serving CEO of a major European bank, told Austrian radio in an interview that he didn’t rue having invested in Hungary and Romania and thought he was still the right head for the company.
 This month, Risk Capital Partners of London invested in The Laine Pub Company, a 45-pub chain based in Brighton, southern England.
 BNRI, which has invested at least $2 billion in more than 20 companies since it started in 2006, canceled plans to raise $900 million for an energy-focused fund, Bloomberg reported in August 2012.
 “It’s pretty clear why they are so focused on Asia” In terms of Uber’s valuations, Kalanick said he’ll do “everything in my power so that it continues to go up” In response to a comment from Bill Maris, managing partner of the Google Inc’s venture capital arm that’s invested in Uber, who said the ride-sharing company may someday reach a valuation exceeding $200 billion, Kalanick said: “He’s a VC.
 BesTV invested $403 million for a 51 percent stake in the enterprise, while Microsoft put in $387 million, according a September filing.
 Intervale, a specialized oil and gas services investment firm based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, first invested in Proserv in 2009.
 He has been invested in Time Warner and its predecessors for more than 30 years and holds 35 million Time Warner shares on behalf of clients, and more than 10 million voting and non voting shares of Fox, based on Bloomberg data.
 “You get back up and you fight” EBay invested in targeted marketing to get folks to return to the service, especially in Europe, Donahoe said.
 Even as Tetragon’s share price recovered -- it gained 64 percent including reinvested dividends in 2012 -- Cooperman railed against the company.
 “It is unfortunate that Leon Cooperman has come up with these specious claims with no basis in fact or law nearly eight months after the announcement of the Polygon acquisition and notwithstanding the 27 percent increase in TFG’s share price since its announcement (with dividends reinvested),” Tetragon said in a June 2013 statement.
 “Our commitment to Texas runs deep, having invested more than $7 billion in transmission, power generation and other operations in the Lone Star state,” Rob Gould, a spokesman for NextEra, said in a telephone interview.
 Anticipating an eventual return of customers, Sans invested in the business throughout the crisis, hiring New York architect William Sofield to do a 2011 redesign of his store housed in a building owned by Amancio Ortega, who became Spain’s richest man after founding mass-market clothing retailer Inditex SA.
 “The recent drop has opened up plenty of opportunities for investors to start getting invested” Foreigners sold a net $905 million of domestic stocks yesterday, ending seven straight days of net inflows, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Epack has 64 percent of its assets invested in 10 African markets, including stocks in Nigeria, Kenya and Mauritius.
 “The proceeds of this sale will be reinvested into our significant City development program now well under way,” Martin Jepson, president and chief operating officer of Brookfield Property Partners’ European office division, said in the statement.
 which have all invested in Brazil-based research and development facilities in anticipation of growing demand from Petrobras.
 While Microsoft may be cutting jobs now, over time the measures promoted by CEO Satya Nadella are likely to make it more efficient, put it in faster-growing markets and safeguard its leadership position, said Matt McIlwain, managing director at Madrona Venture Group, which has invested in companies including Amazon and Redfin.
 “You’re giving privileged travel to a few at the cost of a lot” Integrated System Yet each $1 million invested in bicycling infrastructure creates 114 jobs for a state, a 2011 study by Heidi Garrett-Peltier of the Political Economy Research Institute at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst said.
 He invested in two lenders before starting his own firm, Kalamata Capital LLC, late last year.
 RapidAdvance, one of the companies Mandis invested in, was sold in September to Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert’s private-equity firm.
 Mandis wouldn’t describe his visit to Yellowstone except to say that he met people who “would not traditionally work at a Goldman Sachs or a McKinsey” ‘Bad Feeling’ One of the lenders he invested in was Bethesda, Maryland-based RapidAdvance, which makes businesses sign over as much as 45 percent of their credit-card receipts in exchange for $15,000 or $18,000, according to lawsuits filed by RapidAdvance against borrowers who defaulted.
 Mandis, who declined to say how much he invested, decided RapidAdvance could reach more clients with a catchy TV spot.
 The shares have advanced 4 percent this year, including reinvested dividends, compared with the 21 percent increase in the Standard & Poor’s 18-company index of asset managers and custody banks.
 While it’s impacting short-term results, he said “we’ll obviously be looking to get great returns on invested capital” Looking ahead, Amazon projected sales of $197 billion to $215 billion for the current quarter.
 They also need to keep 4 percent of total deposits as cash reserves with the central bank, and 225 percent invested in mostly government bonds to meet the statutory liquidity ratio.
 JPMorgan’s Euroland Focus fund had 29 percent of its holdings invested in Gowex as of May 31, while the bank’s Europe Focus fund had 2 percent of its portfolio dedicated to the stock, according to the most recently available data on their website.
 Danske’s Europe Absolute fund had 27 percent of its portfolio invested in Gowex as of June 30, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “Creating a new channel to deploy institutional money in the mid-market sector will help drive economic recovery at a time when bank balance sheets are constrained, as well as creating a further asset class” L&G, the UK’s largest manager of pension assets, has invested about 4 billion pounds ($68 billion) in UK.
 -- have changed management, invested in new systems, and improved supervision and training of advisers.
 About 50 percent of the funds in the BlackRock Emerging Europe Plc trust were invested in Russia as of May 31, making it the biggest country in the portfolio.
 Investors funneled $295 billion into relative-value credit funds in the first six months of the year, bringing their total invested assets to $7426 billion globally, HFR data show.
 Job Cuts During Whitworth’s tenure, the company cut 34,000 jobs, invested in new technology and replaced top executives including personal computing head Todd Bradley and enterprise computing head Dave Donatelli.
 “The Kurds are probably winners out of the recent events long-term” And the same holds true for the oil companies that have invested there.
 The Sao Jose dos Campos, Brazil-based company instead invested in customer support and maintenance centers around the world, attracting customers from China, the US.
 Partial to jeans and open-necked shirts that frame his shoulder-length hair, he once spent time in jail when a chain of sex shops he had invested in was investigated for links to prostitution.
 China has invested about $37 billion in the industry since the beginning of 2008, the data show.
 “We call it marrying China’s growth with global resources” Since 2010 Fosun has invested more than $34 billion in overseas assets including French resort operator Club Mediterranee SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s 60-story tower 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza in New York and Raffaele Caruso SpA, an Italian maker of $3,300 suits, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Fosun invested in Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Co, a jeweler and department store operator formerly controlled by the city government, in 2002 and has become its biggest shareholder.
 Since then, Fosun has invested in Xi’an-based Yong An Insurance Co.
 The CHART OF THE DAY shows Cathay shares delivered a total return of 53 percent in the five years to June 30, including reinvested dividends, compared with 63 percent for Singapore Air.
 In October, it invested as much as $425 million in Hong Kong billionaire Richard Li’s FWD Group.
 The stock has climbed 37 percent, including reinvested dividends, in the last year.
 Buechner has challenged the company to achieve 9 percent return on sales, 14 percent return on invested capital and a net debt to Ebitda ratio lower than 20 in 2015.
 The money from that deal will be invested in new programming and accelerating the next generation of HBO Go, previously the online outlet for those shows through a subscription service.
 Even though valuations are a little bit stretched now, it’s still not too expensive to remain invested” Russia Sanctions The Stoxx 600 pared an advance of as much as 06 percent after an official told reporters that the EU’s 28 member states will stop selling shares or bonds to Russia’s state-owned banks.
 “In the short-term, the securities of companies included on the sanctions list will be under heavy pressure,” Alexey Tretyakov, chief executive officer at Aricapital Asset Management in Moscow, which oversees about $14 million invested in Russian debt, said by e-mail.
 “This shows that a small number of enthusiastic and deeply invested activists shouldered the burden for one-fifth of the campaign’s overall output,” the report found.
 Instead of a stable price of $1, which means a dollar invested can always be redeemed for $1, prime funds will have to price their shares in a way that will reveal fluctuations.
 Boeing has $2 billion to $3 billion invested in money funds, most of that in prime funds, she said.
 The connection was cemented almost two years ago when the group invested $94 billion to become the largest investor in Hong Kong-listed Ping An Insurance Group Co, China’s second-biggest insurer.
 Air Products will focus on projects that generate more cash flow and on improving returns on invested capital, Seifi Ghasemi said today on an earnings conference call, his first public comments since joining the company July 1.
 The stock returned 18 percent in the past year through yesterday including reinvested dividends, compared with 22 percent for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Danone, the Paris-based maker of Activia yogurt, earlier this year invested $663 million to double its stake to almost 10 percent in China Mengniu Dairy Co, the country’s biggest dairy producer.
 It Depends While Televisa hasn’t invested more in Iusacell so far this year, if may consider further spending if it sees more opportunity in the future, Televisa Executive Vice President Alfonso de Angoitia said on a conference call earlier this month.
 “One or two years ago, it would have been more appealing” The sale of its oncology drugs also highlights how, under Witty, Glaxo hasn’t invested in immune therapies, a new oncology segment that could be worth $35 billion annually.
 It also invested in Youku Tudou Inc, Intime Retail Group Co.
 They lost 207 percent in the four months ended August 2013, assuming reinvested dividends, a Bloomberg index shows.
 New Strategy Under the new strategy, clients with 100,000 pounds ($167,850) to 1 million pounds of assets invested with RBS will be placed in the personal and business-banking unit which includes NatWest, according to the memo.
 Facebook earlier this year invested in an artificial intelligence lab partially to improve its understanding of image and video content.
 Costello personally invested about $20 million in the companies -- one of them a computer-aided design company called Think3 Inc, and Orb Networks Inc, an early developer of technology that let people access video and music from their computers on any device.
 in October for an undisclosed sum, though it wasn’t enough to get back the $17 million he’d personally invested.
 Kirk digitized Extra Space’s financial planning and logistics and invested heavily in online advertising.
 The Bloomberg Industrial/Warehouse Index returned 92 percent in the past 12 months with dividends reinvested, while hotel REITs gained 25 percent, apartments 19 percent, offices 15 percent and regional malls 13 percent.
 “If the cash return on invested assets is good, then it’s OK.
 also invested; and the $309 billion purchase of casino operator Harrah’s Entertainment Inc, now Caesars Entertainment Corp, which Apollo co-led.
 TPG valued the fund’s IMS stake at $23 billion, or 31 times its 2010 investment, while Northern Tier delivered nearly a nine-fold return on $98 million invested that year.
 invested $15 million in Foursquare last year and uses its location data in a voice-activated assistant.
 Foreigners have sold a net $152 billion of Turkish bonds and invested a net $186 billion in stocks since the start of the year, according to central bank data.
 South African money-market funds keep net asset values at 1 rand per share, meaning a rand invested can always be redeemed for a rand.
 Cadiz has 148 percent of its 21 billion-rand money-market fund invested in African Bank debt, he said by phone yesterday.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index of stocks gained 67 percent including reinvested dividends.
 South Africa invested less than 500 million rand a year in new rail infrastructure prior to 2005, causing many companies to switch to road to move their goods -- a situation Transnet aims to turn around with its investment program.
 Most of the profits the IDC makes will go toward Zambia’s sovereign wealth fund, managed by the central bank, and the rest will be reinvested, said Chipwende.
 “In the past 18 months we have invested 57 million pounds in modernizing our hotels, helping us attract more business customers” The budget-hotel chain, based in Thame, England, operates 500 hotels and 38,000 rooms in the UK, Ireland and Spain, according to its website.
 The miner is seeking that Guinea recognizes the$700 million invested by the company in Simandou as a “credit”for the future auction of the asset, Chief Executive OfficerMurilo Ferreira said yesterday during the call.
 They’d failed to develop stylish, new products and under-invested in fashion-oriented marketing and full-price stores.
 Mubadala invested $2 billion with Batista’s EBX Group Co.
 “Logistics are going to be a huge problem for everyone,” the 62-year-old grower said, adding that he has invested in boosting output rather than grain bins.
 Companies have invested millions of dollars in its enterprise systems over the years and many aren’t in a rush to change.
 government invested $20 billion, on top of previous $25 billion, and guaranteed $306 billion of troubled assets to avert a collapse following the global turmoil.
 invested $172 billion in Ally and has recovered about $178 billion through asset sales, according to the statement, which didn’t specify the size or timing of the latest plan.
 About half of the $200 million fund is invested, according to Vaccaro.
 In 2011, as China devoured everything from iron ore to copper to feed economic expansion, BHP’s return on invested capital was 35 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “We want to boost the number of workers from Morgan Stanley as Japanese corporates seek more growth opportunities” Ties between the banks deepened after Mitsubishi UFJ invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley during the peak of the global financial crisis in 2008.
 Since 1983, money-market funds have been permitted to keep share prices at $1, meaning a dollar invested can always be redeemed for a dollar.
 “We also invested heavily, but we are not that lucky and not creative, so creative like Tencent, which has WeChat, such a powerful thing,” Ma said at the conference.
 The money raised through an IPO could be fully invested and not at the risk of investor redemptions.
 Other Markets Earnings at the traders in the last quarter continue a trend that’s rewarded companies that invested more aggressively outside of mined commodities including coal and iron ore.
 Bosch oversees a family-run empire started in 1911 by his grandfather, which invested $500 million last year to buy a stake in the Central America operations of Telefonica SA.
 Ding Guixiang, who said she invested more than one million yuan in the Chaori bonds, said outside the meeting today that she had never anticipated any risks with the securities when she bought them.
 In 2011, as China devoured everything from iron ore to copper to feed economic expansion, BHP’s return on invested capital was 35 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 LeFund, a $100 million investment fund Lenovo set up in 2010, has so far invested in 30 companies, of which iDreamsky was the first, Dennis Song, the fund’s managing director, said in an Aug.
 Facial Recognition One startup the fund invested in is Face++, a maker of cloud-based facial recognition technology, Song said.
 The fund has also invested in ShopEx, which makes a software sales platform for independent e-commerce sites.
 Returns Slumped In 2011, as China devoured everything from iron ore to copper to feed economic expansion, BHP’s return on invested capital was 35 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Shanduka invested 300 million rand ($28 million) into Lonmin and “that 300 million was lost, all of it, in 2011,” Ramaphosa said.
 “We have no need to tap the international market” Along with its partners, the state-controlled company has invested more than $2 billion in the Vaca Muerta shale formation, Gonzalez said.
 Loan impairment charges and provisions shrank to $18 billion from $31 billion as the bank invested in risk and compliance functions, HSBC said.
 “We are losing the asset; we have invested very heavily” in their education, Rohani said.
 high yield bonds, which were another asset class that Bessemer invested in for clients using outside managers.
 The partners have also invested in a new platform this year to expand oil production at the Sakhalin-1 project in Russia’s Far East.
 “We have no need to tap the international market” Along with its partners, the state-controlled company has invested more than $2 billion in the Vaca Muerta shale formation, Gonzalez said.
 The Bedford-Stuyvesant fund’s projected annual return of at least 12 percent compares with the 23 percent gain in the past year for the Bloomberg Apartment REIT Index with dividends reinvested.
 Imperial’s earnings declined 5 percent in the first half as it made supply-chain changes and invested in brands.
 The acquisition of the Winston, Cool, Salem, Maverick and Blu brands will deliver a return on invested capital of 10 percent in the first full year following completion and will be “significantly” earnings enhancing, Imperial said in July.
 The company’s shares have gained about 30 percent this year including reinvested dividends, helping Novo surge past London-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc to become Europe’s fourth-biggest drugmaker by market value.
 “The additional amount invested was an immaterial percentage of fund assets, less than 001 percent” Some Hope Shareholders may not be completely wiped out, according to Tom Winterboer, who was appointed caretaker of Abil.
 The company has invested about $500 million in South Africa since 2010 to begin production of its Ranger compact pickup and Duratorq diesel engine.
 The miner is seeking that Guinea recognizes the $700 million invested by the company in Simandou as a “credit” for the future auction of the asset, Chief Executive Officer Murilo Ferreira said yesterday during the call.
 “We invested heavily in the future of the group in anticipation of the next upswing in the economy,” Basson said.
 Private-equity firms manage $74 trillion, as measured by the gross value of portfolio companies they’ve invested in, the SEC said.
 Temasek is also invested in China’s biggest e-commerce operator, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which is headed toward what may be the largest US.
 Western automakers, which have invested in a country that’s soon expected to pass Germany as Europe’s biggest car market, are reducing production and lowering forecasts.
 The shares have declined 22 percent this year including reinvested dividends.
 It also has treaty obligations to defend Armenia militarily and would therefore also destroy its carefully developed relationship with Azerbaijan” Failure to break the deadlock threatens to unleash war in a region where companies led by BP Plc have invested more than $40 billion to develop Azerbaijan’s oil and gas fields.
 John Ruffolo, who’s invested in all three companies through Omers, the venture capital arm of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System pension fund, said in March they should be ready to go public within two years.
 More than $800 million has been invested in education technology companies globally this year, compared with less than $80 million in 1999, when Desire2Learn was started, Baker said.
 Exxon and Rosneft have also invested in a new platform this year to expand oil production at the Sakhalin-1 project in Russia’s Far East.
 Delinquent Loans Starwood Waypoint has $14 billion invested in 9,122 rental homes and has spent $397 million on 3,080 nonperforming loans.
 Cadiz has 148 percent of its 21 billion rand ($197 million) money-market fund invested in African Bank debt, he said by phone.
 South African money-market funds keep net asset values at 1 rand a share, meaning a rand invested can always be redeemed for a rand.
 Simpsonsarchivecom, a prodigious collection of fan-generated reportage and commentary, offers this sampling of finance-related exchanges from the inhabitants of Springfield: Homer: I invested in something called “News Corp” Lisa Simpson: Dad, that’s Fox! Homer: [shrieks] Undo! Undo! -- “Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo,” first aired May 16, 1999.
 KKR Debt TDC’s 375 percent 500 million-euro bond due in 2022 has delivered investors an annualized return of about 17 percent this year, compared with an annualized return, including reinvested dividends, of 32 percent for the shares.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- TPG Capital, the buyout firm that invested in soured megadeals including TXU Corp, plans to start raising money this month for a flagship fund that’s seeking as much as $10 billion, said two investors.
 also invested; and the $309 billion purchase of casino operator Harrah’s Entertainment Inc, now Caesars Entertainment Corp, which Apollo co-led.
 The 2008 fund in April backed a $750 million debt investment in yogurt maker Chobani Inc, invested $600 million in Danish online trader Saxo Bank A/S in 2011 and led a $3 billion takeover of clothing retailer J.
 The money raised through an IPO could be fully invested and not at the risk of investor redemptions.
 “Because we are an active, control and influence-oriented investor, we have avoided being fully invested because of the risk of investor redemptions,” Ackman wrote in the letter.
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management and DB Private Equity are in talks to pay Greece’s largest lender about 300 million pounds ($506 million) for NBGI Private Equity Ltd, about a third less than the bank originally invested, said the people, who asked not to be identified because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly.
 The business has underperformed similar buyout firms, with 10 of its 11 funds projected to lose about 25 euros for every 100 euros invested, according to an April document outlining the sale seen by Bloomberg News.
 He was the owner of Sat Ieng, a licensed operator that brought high rollers to the casino’s VIP rooms in exchange for a share of the turnover, according to a 2006 filing by Teem Foundation Group Ltd, a Hong Kong company that invested in Phua’s business.
 When he was arrested last month, Phua told federal agents he was betting on the World Cup through someone in the Philippines named “Foo” He also told them he has invested $200 million in the IBC website and that he had bet “between $200 million and $300 million in Hong Kong money” since arriving at Villa 8882 on June 23, according to the complaint.
 “If you look at history, it’s clear investors aren’t over-invested and bond funds are well positioned” Bond Enthusiasm The stakes have never been higher for the Federal Reserve to engineer a soft landing from almost six years of near-zero benchmark rates as the amount of outstanding public debt reaches a record $177 trillion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 BP is also heavily invested in the development of the Browse gas resource” Woodside Petroleum Ltd, the operator of the Browse LNG project, scrapped a plan last year to build it onshore in Western Australia, estimating later it would have cost more than A$80 billion.
 The company said last week it invested in Fulcrum BioEnergy Inc.
 The bulk is coming back home and needs to get invested” Lukoil, Yandex In May, Novatek extended its $600 million share buyback program through June 7, 2015.
 Dangote Industries and Blackstone will search for projects through Black Rhino Group, an African infrastructure developer in which Blackstone invested, according to Sean Klimczak, a partner in Blackstone’s private-equity business.
 The stock has dropped 48 percent this year, including reinvested dividends.
 The aim is to get people more invested in taking care of themselves.
 Shareholders, who were invested in a company with a market cap of 103 billion rand just five days before, were left with a lender valued at 465 million rand by the time Abil went into curatorship, akin to Chapter 11.
 Partial to jeans and open-necked shirts that frame his shoulder-length hair, he once spent time in jail when a chain of sex shops he had invested in was investigated for links to prostitution.
 Of that, 84 percent is invested in Norway, and the rest in Sweden, Denmark and Finland.
 The two projects are being built by Sound Global and it has invested in both, the company said in a statement yesterday.
 New access to Mexico comes amid unrest in some African oil nations and sanctions that threaten to strangle Russian output, places where some oil companies have invested heavily in production.
 “Japanese companies tend to have a high ratio of bank loans, but diversification is important” Of 1,630 trillion yen in financial assets held by Japanese households at the end of March, only 18 percent was invested in bonds compared with 76 percent in the US, according to Bank of Japan data.
 The firm has invested in consumer and retail companies including coat-maker Canada Goose Inc, Gymboree Corp.
 He wants to make sure that error isn’t repeated elsewhere in the company, which has invested heavily into renewables energy.
 The share sale represented a departure from Elliott’s past practices, which involved staying invested in some Asia deals for as long as more than four years, waiting for sweetened offers.
 Before the 2008 financial crisis Crown invested about A$792 million in a 20 percent stake in Fontainebleau, which had sought to build a new casino in Las Vegas, as well as smaller holdings in Stations Casino Group, Harrah’s Entertainment Inc, and LVTI LLC.
 International Push Imperial’s share performance including reinvested dividendshas trailed Lorillard, Reynolds, Philip Morris and Altria, aswell as UK.
 Imperial’s earnings declined 5 percent in the first half asit made supply-chain changes and invested in brands.
 Tired Brands “We know we are buying unloved and under-invested brands,and we can’t wait to get our hands on them,” Evans said.
 Gazprom Neft invested 500 million euros in NIS upgrades during the following three years.
 Gorman denies the wasteful-spending allegations, saying he invested $15 million in the company and never took a salary or a dividend.
 The stock has gained less than 1 percent this year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 12 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Miami-based Fairholme Capital Management LLC has primarily invested in the two mortgage finance companies through the purchase of their preferred stock, holdings that remained unchanged and were valued at $12 billion as of May 31.
 He is invested in Richemont.
 and Anheuser-Busch InBev NV have a collective billion dollars invested in making sure fans of the most-watched US.
 “Buying things on the Internet from your mobile phone isstill very clumsy and complicated,” said Dixon, who has alsopersonally invested in Stripe.
 (AAPL) Atlas is taking a page from AngelList LLC, a San Francisco-based startup that it has invested in, which has a site wheremany early-stage investors gather to vet and put money intoyoung companies.
 Clean Energy The Obama administration also invested billions of dollarsin clean energy, green lighted renewable projects on public landand reached an agreement with China to limit hydrofluorocarbons, chemicals used in refrigeration and airconditioning.
 “Botin has created one of the most important banks in the world, but he still invested in Santander,” said Martin Saenz, 75, a local resident, standing outside the Botin Center, covered in scaffolding.
 The wealth management division had 928 billion francs ($988 billion) in invested assets at the end of June.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- As head of the world’s biggest sovereign wealth fund Yngve Slyngstad has invested in more than 80 countries.
 -- Time, 1978 -- A hundred dollars invested in the Dow Jones IndustrialsAverage at the start of 1981 would have grown to $2,229 by theend of 2000.
 But the same hundred dollars invested in GE’s stockwould have grown to $6,749.
 R2 Asset Management, which has invested as much as 50million pounds ($82 million) across Europe, has used the samemodel for some time in France, the fund’s CEO Ray Ranson said byphone.
 Thiyaga Rajan, a senior managing director at AquariusInvestment Advisors Pte in Singapore, which has $450 millioninvested in Indian stocks, including power companies.
 But after nearly 25 years, I think there are other things I want to do in my life while I’m still relatively young” Rodgers is on an advisory board of Sentience Technology Ltd, a company he invested in that develops software for managing unstructured data.
 He’s also a founding partner of AME Cloud Ventures, which was started in 2012, and has invested in startups such as Scanadu Inc, a personalized health electronics company.
 Amazon, the giant Web retailer based in Seattle, has invested in robotics, including the deployment of machines in its warehouses based on technology from its 2012 acquisition of Kiva Systems Inc, as well as drone-based package delivery.
 The deal will generate an after-tax gain of 5 to 7 cents per share at closing, according to GE, which has invested $1 billion in the Louisville, Kentucky-based appliances division since the global financial crisis.
 Including reinvested dividends, Merck has gained 73 percent this year.
 TPG Capital, the buyout firm co-founded by David Bonderman, invested about $100 million in VTB Group in 2011 and bought into hypermarket chain Lenta Ltd, which held an initial public offering in February.
 “India VIX is low shows that foreign investors are not panicking and that they want to stay invested for the long term,” Peerless’ Panda said.
 “It’s a normal market dynamic” Technology and Internet stocks rose more than 25 percent,including reinvested dividends, in the year ended on March 31,as measured by the S&P 500 Information Technology Index.
 “We have invested significant time and resources to understand the difficult issues faced by agencies that process wastewater and to develop technologies to make sure that flushable wipes sold by K-C will be considered flushable,” said Eric Bruner, a Kimberly-Clark spokesman.
 Calpers first invested in hedge funds in 2002 to help meet target returns to cover the growing cost of government retiree benefits.
 Since 2002, Bregal, which focuses on buyout, special situations, energy and funds in Europe, the Americas and Asia, has invested more than 7 billion euros ($9 billion).
 “It’s not unique in that the objectives of this are exactly the same as they would be for a portfolio that wasn’t invested for impact.
 Taxpayers have received $18 billion back on the TARP payments to Ally, about $875 million more than invested, said Gina Proia, a company spokeswoman.
 “Where there are opportunities, those loans are being taken up by people already in the middle and upper class” Ramos invested in his first house in 1999, a $209,000 duplex at 1052 W.
 Jagdfeld has invested in other German landmarks.
 The city has invested $200 million in building a state-of-the-art facility.
 “Because we are an active, control and influence-oriented investor, we have avoided being fully invested because of the risk of investor redemptions,” Ackman wrote in the August investor letter.
 Since 2010 Fosun has invested more than $34 billion in overseas assets including French resort operator Club Mediterranee SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s 60-story tower 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza in New York and Raffaele Caruso SpA, an Italian maker of $3,300 suits, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “It tweaks its portfolio and disposes investments that aren’t giving it the returns it wants and redeploys this capital to better opportunities” The company invested in the 51-year-old Bank of Commerce in 2008.
 The largest producers invested in growth on assumptions the market would expand.
 Under Chief Executive Officer Arnold Donald, who took over from Micky Arison in July 2013, the company invested in marketing and safety technology, and repaired relationships with travel agents.
 “A lot of the money was invested strictly for guest enhancements,” Donald said in an interview today with Bloomberg Television.
 The MSCI Emerging Markets Index surged almost 18 percent during the same period, including reinvested dividends.
 The Mumbai-based company and Essar Energy, which is owned by billionaire brothers Shashi and Ravikant Ruia, have invested a combined $38 billion in power plants and an aluminum smelter to be fueled by coal from planned Mahan coal block, which also stands canceled.
 As much as 200 million pounds from the sale of New York-based engineering consultancy Parsons Brinckerhoff will beinvested in a share buyback program once it is completed,Balfour also said today.
 The fund’s clients will consist primarily of endowments and foundations, according to the people, in addition to money invested by friends and family.
 Less Investment “Cogeco is suggesting that they don’t want to invest the billions of dollars that Rogers has invested in spectrum licenses and building wireless networks,” Patricia Trott, a spokeswoman for Rogers, said in an e-mail.
 “You lower that tax burden, and the billions of dollars that are sitting on the sidelines get invested in building facilities and creating jobs,” he said.
 He later invested in technology.
 Davis added that his firm invested in Ello given Budnitz’s design sense.
 Fourcade left BNP Paribas, France’s largest bank, after it shut its emerging-markets proprietary trading desk in London, which invested money on behalf of the firm, people with knowledge of the decision said earlier this month.
 Music Venue After leaving the firm, Williams moved to Montana and invested in the Halfway House Bar and Grill in Troy.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Blackstone Group LP President Tony James said the decision by the $298 billion California Public Employees’ Retirement System to exit its hedge-fund investments was “wise” because the pension had “poor” returns on the $4 billion it invested in the asset class.
 Funds like the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have invested abroad and are looking at opportunities at home, Sousa said in an interview at Bloomberg’s New York headquarters.
 Already, thecompany has invested in at least one health-related effort, withsensor-enhanced contact lenses that aim to help people withdiabetes more easily track their glucose levels.
 chief executive officer Denis O’Brien isone believer: the telecommunications billionaire has investedmore than $1 billion in Haiti and directly or indirectly employsabout 35,000 people.
 In December 2008, Santander said its clients had 233 billion euros invested with the fraudster Bernard Madoff.
 “We mimic a midstream contract without our customers having to relinquish control of the asset” Apollo in May invested C$500 million in CSV Midstream Solutions Corp, a Calgary-based company focused on building and operating midstream facilities in Alberta and British Columbia.
 With the stock lagging behind theindustry average, New York-based JetBlue has come under fireduring Barger’s seven-year tenure for not moving swiftly enoughto increase revenue and pare debt, and for failing to reachgoals for return on invested capital.
 ‘Comfort Zones’ Hayes, who joined JetBlue in 2008 from British Airways,probably will ask employees to “do things outside of theircomfort zones” to improve a poor return on invested capital,Hunter Keay, a Wolfe Research LLC analyst in New York, toldinvestors in a report.
 Last year’s 488 percent return oninvested capital was up from 448 percent in 2012, short ofJetBlue’s goal of a 1 percentage-point average annual increase.
 The company invested about 15 billion euros ($19 billion) in renewable diesel over the past five years and produces about 2 million metric tons annually from its units in Finland, Rotterdam and Singapore.
 “The fact that we attracted a lot of new investors that have never invested on the DFM is one of the major successes of this offering,” said Yacine Amor, who also worked on the Emaar Malls deal and is head of equity capital markets for Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
 It’s already invested in companies including car-booking service Lyft Inc.
 The Bloomberg Global Aggregate Hedge Fund Index rose 01 percent in August, bringing year-to-date returns to 25 percent, compared with 99 percent for the S&P 500 with dividends reinvested.
 They also are required to keep 4 percent of total deposits as cash reserves with the central bank, and 225 percent invested in mostly government bonds to meet the statutory liquidity ratio.
 life insurer, has invested in the past year in office towers in Boston, Washington and San Francisco with Norway’s sovereign wealth fund.
 Mark Mobius, whose $1 billion Templeton Asian Smaller Companies Fund topped 98 percent of peers during the past five years, has been boosting holdings in Korea and now has more than 30 percent of his fund invested in the country.
 Charles & Keith The firm invested in Singapore-based shoemaker Charles & Keith Group in 2010 and Australian gourmet food emporium Jones the Grocer in 2012.
 5 phone interview“Once you start to see a turnaround in Treasury yields, themoney that’s been invested in them is going to eventually haveto find a home” To contact the reporter on this story:Joseph Ciolli in New York at jciolli@bloombergnet To contact the editors responsible for this story:Lynn Thomasson at lthomasson@bloombergnetMichael P.
 Alibaba has invested in Youku Tudou Inc, operator ofChina’s biggest online video sites, and in July announced plansfor a streaming service with Santa Monica, California-basedLions Gate.
 Other Chinese companies, including Fosun Group andDMG Entertainment, have invested in Hollywood films or moviecompanies.
 HSBC had about 3,000 French customers with as much as $5 billion invested at its Swiss unit, according to a July 2013 parliamentary report.
 Valeant was a small experimental-drug developer when ValueAct invested in mid-2006.
 “The GTCR Funds had no interest in having companies in which they had invested millions of dollars sell off subsidiaries for less than they were worth, particularly as the GTCR Funds were simultaneously investing tens of millions of new capital into those businesses” Principal Owner GTCR was the “principal owner” of the THI companies before the sale and controlled the nursing home chain, James Feltman, an expert witness for the plaintiffs, testified today in trial.
 Chan said hehas invested in Boston-area properties from the time he was anHSPH student.
 NextEra Energy, based in Juno Beach, Florida, is the largest North American provider of wind and solar power and has invested $7 billion in transmission and power generation in Texas.
 I want to create a global company” Zheng, 50, estimates he’s invested $25 billion to $3 billion in clean power over the past decade.
 New Law Televisa invested $123 million in Iusacell last year and had said it would await the outcome of the new telecommunications law before deciding whether to invest further in Iusacell.
 After hearing Armstrong out, Draper invested his own money in Coinbase and six months later decided to have Boost focus on embryonic bitcoin companies.
 in New York, returning 105 percent with reinvested dividends.
 By bundling loans on such properties into bonds of varying risks -- a process known as securitization -- the institutional landlords are recouping much of the cash they put up buying and improving homes, and getting a chance to earn higher returns on the capital still invested.
 Son has invested in more than 1,300 companies on his way to becoming Japan’s second-richest man.
 The banks have invested more than $10 billion outside the nation since 2007 and have spread to 21 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, according to a 2013 report from Colombia’s banking association.
 18 (Bloomberg) --Canada Pension Plan Investment Board said it has invested $160 million in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, the Chinese e-commerce company that plans to go public tomorrow.
 The fund manager’s indirect investment in the company is harder to calculate because the fund, Silver Lake Partners III LP, is invested in more than just Alibaba.
 The firm has invested $60 million and hired 285 employees and 151 consultants to strengthen its systems, Wilmers said earlier this year.
 The management company’s invested private capital, half of which is held in venture capital funds, rose 314 percent for the year, beating an internal benchmark of 186 percent.
 The RWE AG (RWE) unit invested 45 million pounds ($73 million) tobuild the Goole Fields 1 wind farm in East Riding in Yorkshire,it said in a statement today.
 The company, controlled by Russian billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov, has invested $4 billion in Ukraine since 2003, Tulgan said.
 Valeant was a small experimental-drug developer when ValueAct invested in mid-2006.
 He invested in Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
 ValueAct takes its fee after the lockup period, keeping profits invested longer to generate higher returns.
 Calderon in May invested in Gulf Alumina Ltd, which is developing bauxite projects in Australia, according to the company’s website.
 Burry, who declined to say how much he invested in PeerStreet, said he’s backing the company because of the management team, the unique way Johnson and Crosby are approaching the business and their focus.
 Hedge Fund Stake In April, after Jana said it invested $1 billion in Walgreen, partner Scott Ostfeld said the company’s buyout of Alliance Boots and Pessina’s presence on the board “will lead to the revitalization of this iconic brand and produce years of earnings growth through synergies, fixing operations and improving capital allocation” Pessina’s rise inside the Walgreen universe dates to 2012, when Walgreen bought a 45 percent stake in Alliance Boots.
 Venture capitalist Tim Draper invested in Palo Alto, California-based bitcoin startup Vaurum, which is targeting emerging markets like India.
 “Our group and many others will begin making recommendations to map assets from Pimco to another fixed income fund” The signs of disarray at Pimco will cause many to rethink their investments and possibly follow Gross to Janus, said Kurt Brouwer, chairman of Tiburon, California-based advisory firm Brouwer & Janachowski LLC, who has invested in Pimco funds since the 1980s.
 The fund has $19 billion invested in Pimco and nothing in Janus, said Dennis MacKee, a spokesman for the pension.
 The unit, which has over 20,000 employees in Zambia, has invested more than $2 billion over the past 14 years.
 In an effort to counter the impact of the currency controls, Jonasdottir’s fund seeks to reinvest dividend payments paid from foreign securities abroad even though new pension contributions are invested locally.
 R2 Asset Management, which has invested as much as 50million pounds ($82 million) across Europe, has used the samemodel for some time in France, the fund’s CEO Ray Ranson said byphone.
 The fund is now 25 percent invested in securitized debt, mainly less liquid securities without government backing, the data show.
 It “has steadily and consistently invested in R&D over the past two decades to build global market leading positions in its two principal business segments of lubricant additives and specialty fluorochemicals,” he said.
 At the start of the decade, Schlumberger and its competitors expanded staff and invested in infrastructure to meet an anticipated boom in demand from Petrobras.
 In mid-2010, Halliburton Chief Executive Officer David Lesar said revenue from Brazil grew by almost 30 percent as the company invested in infrastructure.
 “While we believe in the long-term potential of Russia, there is significant immediate pressure on sales volumes and pricing while the ruble is deteriorating further” Opel is among Western automakers which have invested in Russia in anticipation that the country would soon pass Germany as Europe’s biggest car market.
 Collins said the group includes himself, as well as others “who invested with us from Tokyo to Cairo to London” The price is still being negotiated, according to Straujuma, who told Latvia’s TV3 today that the unnamed investors who joined Collins are from the US.
 “The wisdom of that strategy is clear,” Hintz said, as such gains in the second quarter “once again provided an unanticipated boost to performance” Goldman Sachs invested $100 million in Mobileye in 2007, the first year the company had its driver-assistance EyeQ chip and algorithms put in new cars.
 The company sees the Nobel Biocare deal returning 10 percent on invested capital by 2019 and adding 5 cents a share to earnings in 2015 and 10 cents a share the following year.
 Gold Reserve invested about $300 million on exploration, engineering, equipment and other activities as part of its efforts to develop the project.
 “When we invested at the first part of this year, what piqued my interest was the decision to completely get out of PCs,” Barish said.
 Vale, along with other major producers including BHP Billiton Ltd, Rio Tinto Group and Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, have invested billions of dollars to expand output, betting on sustained growth from the country.
 “I have never invested before,” Al Hadrani, a 28-year-old engineer who works for Abu Dhabi National Oil Co, said as he filled in application forms at the Dubai Financial Market.
 The fund is now 25 percent invested in securitized debt, mainly less liquid securities without government backing, the data show.
 “Until now, the OLED TV price almost quadrupled that of the ultra high-definition set, but it will only cost about double from as early as next month” LG Display, which has invested about 1 trillion won in OLED panels over the past two years and is the only producer, is already supplying new panels to Skyworth Digital Holdings Ltd, Sichuan Changhong Electric Co.
 P2 has invested in Kansas City, Kansas-based Epiq since 2012, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Higher Yields He said the proceeds from the sale of the government bonds can be reinvested in short-term corporate debt that yields 30 to 40 basis points more than lending out cash Treasury bonds through “repos,” or repurchase agreements.
 Gross invested $237 billion in an internal cash-management fund and added $85 billion in short-term instruments, including $606 million of treasury bills issued by Greece, $65 billion of T-bills from Mexico and almost $3 billion of certificates of deposit.
 The GPIF invested about 55 percent of its 1266 trillion yen ($12 trillion) in Japanese bonds as of March.
 With the growth of LED lighting, GE has expanded itsresearch and development efforts and in 2011 invested inNuventix, a developer of LED cooling technology.
 Since 2010 Fosun has invested more than $34 billion in overseas assets including French resort operator Club Mediterranee SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s 60-story tower 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza in New York and Raffaele Caruso SpA, an Italian maker of $3,300 suits, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The automaker invested $11 billion at the site in 2011 to add production of the van and meet increased demand for the pickup.
 and Alibaba, which Yahoo had also invested in.
 As a result, a fund invested exclusively in 60-day debt probably wouldn’t see its share price vary from $1.
 “We have enough content” Showtime lags behind HBO by 6 million viewers, Moonves said, and has narrowed the gap in recent years as CBS has invested in original shows such as “Homeland” and “Masters of Sex” CBS is considering different ways of reaching consumers as companies including Dish Network Corp.
 The GAO report, based on taxpayer data through 2011, said someone who contributed the maximum amount each year to an IRA from 1975 to 2011 and invested it in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index would have about $350,000.
 “A lot of the success has come off the back of the fact that we’ve invested nearly 4 billion pounds since 2009 in new land,” Chief Executive Officer Mark Clare said by phone.
 “We would like to align expansion of rail with ports, quays” Vale SA of Brazil, the world’s biggest producer of iron-ore, has invested $45 billion in a new 912-kilometer (567 miles) line connecting coal mines to the port in Beira, Mozambique’s second-biggest city.
 “The resignations tell me the settlement also involved a change in corporate governance,” said Inigo Lecubarri, who helps run the $800 million Abaco Financials Fund, which is invested largely in European financials.
 They found that one pound ($161) invested in those equities in 1955 would have grown to 648 pounds since, less than the 1,168 pound gain of investing in the rest of the UK.
 About $173 billion has been invested in downtown Los Angeles since 1999, and almost 3,300 hotel rooms are planned or under construction, according to a July report by the area’s business improvement district.
 Blackstone Deal Many of the recent deals represent the first time these firms have invested in the region.
 “I am living a dream” Samsung, the world’s largest smartphone maker, and affiliates invested $338 billion on an industrial complex that has helped transform the tea-growing region into a manufacturing hub and boosted local incomes.
 Samsung and affiliates have invested a total of $68 billion in Vietnam, Dau Tu newspaper, a publication of the Ministry of Planning and Investment, reported on its website in July.
 Korean companies alone will have invested $10 billion in the country’s electronics industry by the end of 2014, the Ministry of Planning and Investment said in a statement released at a conference in Hanoi today.
 Davisadded that his firm invested in Ello given Budnitz’s designsense.
 HSBC had about 3,000 French customers with as much as $5 billion invested at its Swiss unit, according to a July 2013 parliamentary report.
 NRG has invested $300 million in the effort.
 The fund is already “highly liquid” because it’s invested in easy to trade segments of the bond market and also uses derivatives such as futures and swaps, Worah wrote in the investor update.
 “We hope that clients will remain invested in Total Return,” Kiesel said.
 Their stake was valued at $13 billion at the end of trading, nearly seven times what they invested.
 Aside from Agrium, ValueAct has invested a further $500 million in two other “higher value” agricultural companies, Ubben said, without identifying them.
 He aims to strengthen investment performance, expanding UBS’s exchange-traded funds offering and creating a dedicated sales team for wealth management clients, who have invested assets of $192 trillion with UBS.
 Good Energy Group Plc, a British renewable-power supplier, in May invested 500,000 pounds in Tidal Lagoon.
 “It would cause a whole host of companies to become that much more invested in the NBA,” Silver said.
 public-pension plans from New York to San Francisco are reviewing assets invested in Pacific Investment Management Co.
 Illinois’s teacher retirement system, with $3 billion invested with Newport Beach, California-based Pimco, has had the money manager on its watch list since February, when former Chief Executive Officer Mohamed El-Erian left, according to an article published today.
 A San Francisco city and county plan’s committee this week will hear from a consultant about $82 million invested in Pimco’s Total Return Fund.
 of Dubai may run into billions of dollars after the Emirati holding company invested $300 million in his cement business last month.
 The measure, which tracks how much fund holdings exceed the cash invested by clients, was at 264 in October, according to an Oct.
 mutual-fund industry’s $15 trillion of assets is invested in frequently-traded government debt and stocks.
 rose in New York yesterday after the Chinese home-listing website invested in broker IFM Investments Ltd.
 GM said it has so far invested about $182 billion in projects in the state dedicated to vehicle electrification.
 I think Iliad really meant it seriously given the resources they invested in the process, but it was a desperate attempt of the small guy buying the big guy” Bouygues Overture T-Mobile won’t be Niel’s first major setback.
 More than 1,200 women had registered to visit the kiosk at the Phoenix Convention Center before Lee even arrived there, and she was feeling good about the $10,000 or so Sequoia invested in the event.
 Every dollar invested in offshore development generates $770 in other sectors of the economy.
 “This has been a more difficult year, but we are still very profitable and we are absolutely aware that many of our shareholders are invested in us because of the dividend,” Finance Director Andy Halford said in a telephone interview.
 Producers in North Dakota’s Bakken formation have a break-even price closer to $80, said Ross, whose firm is invested in Diamond S Shipping Group Inc.
 economy is far from a boom, the underlying growth metrics are at least pushing through” Return on equity, a measure of how well a company reinvested profit to generate additional earnings, fell to 145 percent from 158 percent a year earlier, the bank said.
 An additional $800 million will be invested in infrastructure and utility improvements around Lake Charles.
 Erste, the third-biggest bank in eastern Europe after UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG, invested in the former communist bloc in the past decade, seeking higher growth and profit than in its domestic market.
 Losing Workers In mid-2010, Halliburton Chief Executive Officer David Lesar said revenue from Brazil grew by almost 30 percent as the company invested in infrastructure.
 Starting in 2010, funds managed by New York-based Apollo, which is headed by billionaire Leon Black, invested $362 million in Athlon.
 SoftBank has invested in more than 1,300 technology companies including a $250 million stake in Legendary Entertainment, the producer of “Godzilla,” and a 32 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Opps VII Oaktree’s profit has decreased this year as it sold fewer holdings from its Opportunities VII fund, a pool that invested in distressed securities during the financial crisis.
 Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert has invested more than $1 billion in downtown Cleveland and owns 12 local businesses, Komoroski said.
 The technology angle struck a chord with Berg, who had invested in hundreds of technology companies beginning in the 1970s, including Sun Microsystems Inc.
 Berg, who said he’s invested “hundreds of millions” of dollars into Berg LLC, hasn’t taken outside money.
 The stock has advanced about 35 percent this year including reinvested dividends compared with a 18 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 The European Commission approved a 32 billion-euro stimulus package to be invested by French highway operators, Royal said in a statement today.
 “We would never have invested in a country where we could not rely on its legal framework.
 VIS’s private-equity arm has invested in two bioenergy-related businesses, BR Energy and OMNIS, a grain storage company, S-Grain, and Sayyou, which makes a product that uses electrical charges to kill weeds.
 ‘Wrong Time’ Sanofi has returned 12 percent this year including reinvested dividends, trailing the 18 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 It has also invested in a housing and tourism project in Rabat centered on a theater designed by Zaha Hadid.
 Music Venue After leaving the firm, Williams moved to Montana and invested in the Halfway House Bar and Grill in Troy.
 “We haven’t invested enough time and intellectual effort” to realize sufficient returns on individual assets, he said.
 The financing round remains open, with Snapchat seeking money from other investors, said the people, who declined to comment on how much Yahoo invested.
 TA Associates invested an undisclosed amount in DNCA in 2011 and owns half of the firm, according to the company’s website.
 “There are areas where the government shouldn’t be invested.
 Proceeds from the sale of Close Brothers Seydler Bank AG will be reinvested in Close Brothers’s lending business, wealth management and UK.
 Since 2010 Fosun has invested more than $34 billion in overseas assets including French resort operator Club Mediterranee SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s 60-story tower 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza in New York and Raffaele Caruso SpA, an Italian maker of $3,300 suits, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Pimco’s own $2016 billion Total Return Fund is 20 percent invested in mortgages, according to data on its website.
 During the call, Mayer said she has shuttered eight offices in total as she looks to drive savings that can be reinvested into the business.
 “We’re seeing increasing commitment from major insurers in terms of check size and sheer numbers” American International Group Inc, the largest commercial insurer in the US, Swiss Re AG and France’s Axa SA have all invested in LeapFrog funds.
 African Attraction The company has invested about $30 million in India’s IFMR Capital, with $370 million earmarked for Africa and Asia.
 They invested, in a big way, a sloppy way.
 Icahn said in a statement that he acquired the Tropicana when it was in bankruptcy and at the verge of closing and has since invested $80 million in it and created 250 jobs.
 Disney invested $11 billion in that park in recent years, including a Cars Land attraction that has helped lift attendance by 34 percent since 2011.
 The association’s members have mainly invested in term deposits and buying yuan, he said in a phone interview.
 last year, has invested in more than 1,300 technology companies and agreed earlier this month to invest $250 million for a minority stake in Legendary Entertainment.
 Bellamy said today that 70 percent of total client assets are invested in equity funds.
 The Bloomberg Global Developed Sovereign Bond Index has returned 18 percent this month, versus a 4 percent decline for the MSCI All-Country World Index of shares including reinvested dividends.
 In July, Hewlett-Packard invested $50 million in Hortonworks Inc, which makes software for processing large data sets via a technology named Hadoop.
 Participant balances and future contributions will be transferred to the Bond Index Fund, which is invested in a collective investment fund through a unit of BlackRock Inc.
 The funds were reinvested in the Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund, according to a program disclosure statement supplement dated Oct.
 7 to “significantly” reduce the $19 billion that its pension invested with Pimco, and to withdraw more than $1 billion that Pimco manages for the 401(k)-style program it offers workers.
 The company has invested about $42 million for access to the site and to build a processing facility.
 Imax, based in Mississauga, Ontario, has invested $50 million in the technology, Gelfond said.
 The MSCI All-Country World Index gained 12 percent, including reinvested dividends, in the year ended Sept.
 The company is targeting a 9 percent return on sales, 14 percent return on invested capital and a net debt to earnings ratio lower than 2 for 2015.
 The Russell 3000 Consumer Staples Index gained 19 percent during the period, including reinvested dividends.
 Fairway filings show Sterling invested about $90 million to buy about 80 percent of the company in 2007.
 The firms, along with other hedge funds such as Perry Capital LLC, had invested in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac speculating Congress or the courts would restore value to the securities.
 Buffett Stake Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which invested in Tesco in 2006, holds about 4 percent of the company, making it the fourth-biggest shareholder.
 Before today, Roche had returned 7 percent, including reinvested dividends, trailing the 12 percent return on the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 The region has pumped out more than 1,700 tech startups in the last five years and more than C$500 million ($444 million) has been invested in the companies, according to Communitech, a group that mentors new, local businesses.
 The firm invested in shipping service BufferBox, which was bought by Google Inc.
 Venture Capital Munich-based Siemens, which makes products from trains and gas turbines to medical scanners, has invested in more than 150 companies since starting a venture capital arm in 1999, typically no more than 5 million euros each time.
 Global funds have invested about $35 billion in the nation’s stocks and bonds this year, exchange data show.
 Jim Vogel, a debt analyst at FTN Financial, said in a noteto clients that “although various legal scholars may disagreewith the judge’s reasoning, it rings true on a larger stagePrivate capital invested in a government-sponsored enterprisealways runs the chance of disappearing with a change ingovernment policy” Lamberth dismissed the Fairholme lawsuit too quickly andlooked at the dispute too narrowly, Epstein, the New YorkUniversity professor, said.
 The Bloomberg Australia Sovereign Bond Index has returned 74 percent as of yesterday, versus 42 percent for the S&P/ASX 200 Index including reinvested dividends.
 billionaire who has invested in some of the euro-area’s crisis-stricken lenders, said Europe’s stress tests fixed only one of the region’s problems.
 Ross, who made a 500 million-euro profit on his investment in Bank of Ireland and has invested in Greece’s Eurobank Ergasias SA and Bank of Cyprus Pcl, said the tests should put at rest concerns that the region’s banks still pose a threat to the economy.
 Some of the money pulled hasn’t been reinvested in debt funds, which makes sense given bonds don’t hold the same promise they did five years ago when the Fed’s stimulus was just getting rolling.
 law firms have invested in a pack in Asia.
 has a mobile wallet and has invested in services for merchants and shoppers.
 “You’ve got to get consumers to want a Square account, but how do you do that if there’s nowhere to use it?” Square made its first big merchant breakthrough in 2012 with Starbucks Corp, the largest coffee-shop chain, which invested $25 million in Square and adopted the company’s technology in 7,000 stores.
 Andreessen Horowitz, the venture capital firm Andreessen co-founded, has invested in such startups as Facebook Inc, Twitter, Airbnb Inc.
 “While we have been fully invested for some time, it has been hard to find new opportunities,” the firm wrote.
 Greenlight’s portfolio was invested 114 percent in long positions and 75 percent short at the end of September, according to a performance update.
 Venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers has also invested as part of the Snapchat funding, people with knowledge of the matter have said.
 In 2005, the Web portal invested about $1 billion in the Chinese company, which has helped drive Yahoo’s value in recent years.
 “We’ve invested in restructuring last year and this year, remaking the footprint of the company,” Bornstein said.
 “That might be due to the case that people invested their rubles into some, what I would call, real assets.
 While investors were seeking to put money in apartment buildings locally and around the country, the company invested in office properties, said Bill Glazer, president and chief executive officer of the closely held landlord and developer.
 Ctrip, Tencent Golden China has also invested in Ctripcom International Ltd, China’s biggest travel website, and Internet company Tencent Holdings Ltd, Zeng said.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- California said it has removed $262 million invested with Pacific Investment Management Co.
 Sabesp invested about 80 million reais ($332 million) for the pipes to reach the dead reserves.
 The targets include a 9 percent return on sales and 14 percent return on invested capital.
 Schwab didn’t say how much money its target-date funds had invested in Pimco funds.
 Citigroup, which initially invested $41 million to brand the bikes and docking stations with its trademark blue, is kicking in as much as $705 million more, while Goldman Sachs’s Urban Investment Group is boosting its credit line by $15 million.
 Canadian Solar, based in Guelph, Ontario, in 2011 agreed to sell four separate facilities to TransCanada, which has invested almost C$400 million in solar power in the province, according to the statement.
 If the market keeps fluctuating and the initial public offering window closes for 12 to 18 months, “it can become very challenging for private companies,” said Breyer, whose firm invested $122 million in Facebook Inc.
 In total, the 2005 fund has realized proceeds of 185 times invested capital, or $289 billion, Elevation said in its letter.
 Elevation’s partners have invested personally over the past few years through their private fund, dubbed Elevation Investors II, in startups such as room-sharing service Airbnb Inc.
 public pensions are reviewing assets invested in Pimco.
 7 to “significantly” reduce the $19 billion that the state’s pension invested with Pimco.
 Illinois’s teacher retirement system, with $3 billion invested with Pimco, has had the money manager on its watch list since February, when former Chief Executive Officer Mohamed El-Erian left, according to a Pensions & Investments article published today.
 Wal-Mart, which first invested in Seiyu in 2002, made the Japanese supermarket a wholly owned subsidiary in 2008.
 “Management needs to prepare technically to make sound financial decisions and youth development needs to be given more attention” According to Itau, only 15 percent of the 787 million reais invested by teams in 2013 was spent on youth development.
 Return Rates Brookfield’s private-equity team has invested $9 billion in the past five years, according to the firm.
 “We have invested deeply in mobile and we are seeing those investments pay off,” Mayer said in the statement.
 Still, the company’s spending on expanding mines in Australia, South Africa and Colombia in the first half of this year dropped to $420 million, it said in August, less than half the $919 million invested a year earlier.
 I think Iliad really meant it seriously given the resources they invested in the process, but it was a desperate attempt of the small guy buying the big guy” Andreas Fuchs, a spokesman for Bonn-based Deutsche Telekom, declined to comment, as did Anne Marshall, a spokeswoman for Bellevue, Washington-based T-Mobile.
 ‘Never Happened’ “GVO has invested a lot of money in their crops betting sugar prices would recover, which never happened,” Fitch’s Miori said.
 GoldenTree invested in Postmedia about four years ago.
 There have also been 10 bond market securitizations totaling about $5 billion, allowing landlords to recoup much of the cash they spent buying and renovating homes, and giving them an opportunity to earn higher returns on the capital still invested.
 SoftBank, which has a market value of about $83 billion, has invested in more than 1,300 technology companies, including a 32 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Apart from Volksbanken, Austrian banks can deal with most of the stress that’s applied to their balance sheets by the ECB, even as they are heavily invested in Russia and Ukraine, Schelling said.
 Three Tenets He invested in residential real estate and commercial finance, and brought on James Lynch, a Kidder Peabody banker involved in the energy financing deals, as a partner.
 Greenlight’s portfolio is invested 114 percent in long positions and 75 percent short, according to the update, which didn’t provide details about specific holdings.
 Imax, based in Mississauga, Ontario, has invested $50 million in the technology, Gelfond said.
 “Government is invested in a number of companies, in some companies it is not strategic for government to be invested,” Nene said in an interview in London yesterday.
 The stock has gained 15 percent including reinvested dividends this year, compared with a 21 percent advance for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceuticals Index.
 Much of the money that left Pimco wasn’t immediately reinvested in bond mutual funds, a report yesterday suggested.
 billionaire Peter Thiel invested $20 million.
 Securities and Exchange Commission, the San Jose, California-based networking gear maker had invested $716 million in VCE as of July 26 and it owned 35 percent of the venture.
 Oaktree, which has invested in Europe since the early 1990s, plans to take advantage of distress in the region as restructuring processes outside the US.
 The firm’s distressed-debt vehicles, known as the Opportunities Funds, had invested more than $10 billion in European deals, shipping, real estate and power in the past three years as of Dec.
 Ford participant balances and future contributions will be transferred to the Bond Index Fund, which is invested in a collective investment fund through a unit of BlackRock Inc.
 It has mostly invested in senior loans in the US, Conway said.
 “I was fully invested in March 2009,” he said in a telephone interview from Ponte Vedra, Florida, referring to the low point for the stock market.
 “We have the shuttle service, which is the most profitable route in Brazil, we have this specific class with the block of middle seats, and we have invested to become the market leader in IT solutions for customer convenience” Yield Up Gol’s yield, or the average fare per kilometer flown, rose 17 percent to 0244 real in the second quarter.
 The stock has returned a loss of 23 percent including reinvested dividends this year, compared to a 67 percent decline in Germany’s DAX Index.
 “We think the market is a bit frothy” Going Long Investors are even more enthusiastic about long-dated Treasuries, which have returned 19 percent this year, including reinvested interest, Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data show.
 Ashburton Investments, the asset-management arm of Johannesburg-based FirstRand, will start raising money when its existing $250 million property fund is 75 percent invested early next year, said Chief Executive Officer Boshoff Grobler.
 “The markets where investors are finding growth pushed them into Africa” While the first property fund invested in Ghana and Nigeria, the next will offer more access to developments in Angola, Africa’s second-biggest oil producer, said Grobler.
 Ashburton’s first property fund, which has invested in Ikeja City Mall in Lagos, the Accra Financial Centre in Ghana and two retail projects in Angola, is targeting a net return of about 30 percent, said Tim Diack, head of distribution strategy.
 In April, the companies agreed $1 billion spent on 1,800 wells would be identified as invested capital and refunded from gas output.
 That’s what we’re bringing to YunOS” Hangzhou, China-based Alibaba, which completed a record initial public offering last month, has invested in at least 10 companies overseas including chat service TangoMe Inc.
 Proceeds from the sales will be reinvested, the KIA said.
 It has invested more than 15 billion pounds ($24 billion) in more than 100 listed UK.
 The company began selling films on Vimeo on Demand in 2013, and invested in its first original series, “High Maintenance,” in May.
 Vale, which invested $318 billion in the third quarter, said it completed the construction of its 30 million-ton a year Teluk Rubiah distribution center in Malaysia, which will allow it to cut costs in Asia.
 ‘Dark Knight’ SoftBank, which has a market value of about $84 billion, has invested in more than 1,300 technology companies, including a 32 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers has also invested in Snapchat at that valuation, people with knowledge of the matter have said.
 The city already has invested more than $1 billion in the far west side area, where Related is planning a $20 billion development, to make the neighborhood commercially viable, he said.
 Before today, the stock had lost 13 percent this year, including reinvested dividends, and was the worst performer in the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Low interest rates are weighing on earnings for an industry that is still predominantly invested in fixed-income assets such as government and corporate bonds.
 Among the airlines in which Etihad has invested is Alitalia, which was previously 25 percent owned by Air France-KLM.
 The Clermont-Ferrand, France-based company has returned a loss of 11 percent since the start of the year, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 58 percent decline at the Stoxx Europe 600 Automobiles and Parts Index.
 The company has invested in more than 1,300 technology companies, such as a $250 million stake in Legendary Entertainment, the producer of “Godzilla,” and a 32 percent stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Selling will help TPG boost returns to about three times the money invested in an Asia fund, the person said, asking not to be identified because the details aren’t public.
 Companies have invested $900 billion in their businesses this year, a 52 percent increase from 2009, Moody’s data show.
 Return on equity, a measure of how well a company used reinvested earnings to generate additional profit, will decline from a previous forecast of about 20 percent, the company said in a conference call yesterday.
 AMG has invested in three money-management businesses this year, adding to its collection of boutique firms specializing in stocks, hedge funds and private equity.
 LeapFrog has invested about $30 million in India’s IFMR Capital from Fund II and said it has as much as $100 million earmarked for East African investments.
 Though the council on which Grady served makes policy on how funds are invested, it doesn’t determine the annual state contribution levels.
 The company said today it will remain invested in the hearing-aids business with a preferred equity stake worth 200 million euros.
 “This will certainly be an iconic case for Brazil because he invested billions and was the richest guy,” he said by telephone from Rio.
 It’s already invested billions of dollars in China and Asia this year, including in Citic, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Qatar Holding LLC, the foreign investment arm of the QIA, has invested in luxury hotels in Cannes and Amsterdam as well buying stakes in Barclays Plc and Credit Suisse Group AG.
 Burch, co-founder of Tory Burch LLC, the fashion brand that carries his ex-wife name, invested $65 million in Powermat in 2007.
 “I believe Chris acted out of frustration because the process was moving very slowly,” said David Tuohy, an operating partner at Hudson Clean Energy, which invested in Powermat.
 Goldman and Hudson invested $30 million and $20 million respectively in a 2012 financing that valued the company at about $330 million, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 ought to have invested in infrastructure five or six years ago to be able to export natural gas, lessening the need for supplies coming from Russia, Giuliani said.
 Companies led by BP Plc, which have together invested more than $50 billion in Azerbaijan’s energy projects in the past 20 years, signed $45 billion of agreements in December to pipe Azeri natural gas to Europe from 2019.
 European coal prices have plunged 67 percent since peaking in 2008 as producers invested in new production from Colombia to Indonesia.
 “Dixy’s good results show that the retail discounter segment is quite resilient during the economic slowdown” US-based Exchange-Traded Funds invested in Russia had $563 million inflows last week and $39 million outflows on Nov.
 In September, a GIC affiliate and two Canadian pension funds invested $700 million in XPO Logistics Inc, a provider of services including airfreight forwarding and warehousing management that’s based in Greenwich, Connecticut.
 CSX invested to speed locomotive fueling in Cleveland and laid new double tracking -- a second set of tracks laid alongside the first to add capacity and keep slow trains from impeding faster ones.
 Both Weschler and Combs invested in the company.
 The men personally invested $100 million while their partners contributed more than $162 billion, Pacchia said in court filings.
 The world’s fifth-largest independent oil-trading firm diversified into metals, opened offices in Asia, bought refineries in Europe and invested $400 million for a stake in a Montana coal mine.
 Of the 21 billion pounds of net inflows, 14 billion pounds was invested in the funds that allocate across multiple asset classes.
 The New York-based firm manages $708 billion in assets, 45 percent of which is in fixed income and 23 percent of which is in stocks, with the remainder invested in alternatives and outside funds.
 Nippon Life has also invested in US.
 MainStay Marketfield had 122 percent of its assets invested in the metals and mining industries at the end of June, and 114 percent in banks, based on the expectation that growth would heat up and eventually rekindle inflation.
 As a result, the managers invested in assets that ranked within the “top echelon” of liquidity and haven’t had any difficulty meeting redemptions.
 Confidence among Americans 65 and older, many of whom have retirement accounts invested in the stock market, rose to its highest level since August 2007.
 “John is a customer-focused guy, so he understood the need to change the business model with things like bag fees, knowing that wouldn’t be popular” As chief operating officer in 2008 and 2009, Tague spruced up United’s fleet with cleaner planes, invested in plusher front-of-the-cabin seating and realigned operations so that more flights arrived when they were scheduled.
 The company is currently investing BC European Capital IV LP, which raised 65 billion euros ($81 billion) in 2011 and is more than half invested, the person said.
 The money will be invested in the next three years to five years in projects focusing on China’s southwestern region, Qu said.
 Chinese oil companies have invested $73 billion in energy assets globally since 2011 to secure supplies and feed the country’s growing demand.
 The Government Pension Investment Fund had 1511 billion yen invested in passive funds benchmarked against the JPX-Nikkei 400 at the end of March, it said in a statement.
 ought to have invested in infrastructure five or six years ago to be able to export natural gas, lessening the need for supplies coming from Russia, Giuliani said.
 “It is a small and unprofitablequarter for the company” Sotheby’s shares have declined 18 percent this yearincluding reinvested dividends.
 It’s invested about $3 billion in renewable energy over the past five years.
 They already represent the biggest group of foreign buyers based on money invested, said Luis Lima, head of the association.
 The bonds returned 738 percent this year, assuming reinvested interest, the data show.
 Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem, seeking to recoup as much as possible of the 22 billion euros the Netherlands invested in the lender, said last year he plans to sell the first stake in the bank in 2015 if conditions are right.
 The company’s shares have declined 86 percent this year through yesterday, including reinvested dividends, while the Bloomberg EMEA Pharmaceuticals Index of 20 companies including Galenica has returned 88 percent.
 Funds domiciled in the country that aren’t yet invested in the Chinese market should refrain from using the link until they get regulatory approval, he said.
 The company invested 2479 million pounds in the period to deliver improvements including reductions in leakage, polluting incidents and sewer flooding.
 The company has invested 255 billion shillings in capital expenditure since inception 14 years ago, Chief Financial Officer John Tombleson said yesterday at a briefing in Nairobi.
 Slimming down P&G will allow proceeds to be invested in developing more products, like the Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor with FlexBall technology, that can command higher prices.
 Sirius Investment In 2009, Liberty Media invested $530 million in money-losing satellite radio company Sirius XM.
 Francois Canonica, one of a team of lawyers who represent 75 investors who invested about 60 million Swiss francs ($62 million) with Madoff through Aurelia, said his clients were cheated by fund managers who didn’t sufficiently diversify their investments and were overly trusting of the New Yorker.
 K12 grew too fast and invested too little in instruction, said Houston Tucker.
 founder Larry Ellison, invested $10 million in K12 when it was founded in 2000.
 have also invested in money managers.
 He’s invested in digital advertising to promote online sales and hired a management consultant to scrutinize pay -- his salesforce now earns bigger bonuses to meet goals.
 City Developments, Singapore’s second-largest developer by market value, said in September that it invested in a plot of land in Tokyo valued at S$356 million ($279 million).
 The project, in which Keppel Land invested about $70 million, is on Manhattan’s Upper East Side and will be developed by Macklowe Properties Inc.
 In total, Singapore entities invested $98 billion in overseas commercial property in the nine months to September, overtaking China with $84 billion of overseas investments and Hong Kong with $73 billion, RCA said.
 Ho Bee, which has invested in office towers in London and is developing homes in Melbourne and Gold Coast in Australia, is scouting for more buying opportunities in Sydney and London, Woon said.
 Other developers going overseas include Pontiac Land Group, owner of the Singapore Ritz-Carlton, which invested $200 million in reviving a 72-story residential tower project adjacent to the Museum of Modern Art in midtown Manhattan last year.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Carlyle Group LP invested $147 million in Lagos-based Diamond Bank Plc as it seeks to expand in Africa’s largest economy.
 The Carlyle fund has invested almost $300 million in sub-Saharan countries including Mozambique, Zambia, Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo since 2011, Diamond Bank said.
 “One of the great ironies is, in seven years, Virgin went from being the trailblazer” in the cross-country market and the catalyst for why larger airlines invested in cabin improvements, “to being the laggard,” Harteveldt said.
 Carlyle, the world’s second-largest manager of investment alternatives to stocks and bonds, has invested almost $300 million in sub-Saharan countries including Mozambique, Zambia, and Tanzania since 2011, according to Diamond Bank.
 Quantum Partners LP, a private vehicle managed by Soros Fund Management LLC, invested in a separate account with a strategy similar to Gross’s Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, according to a posting on Denver-based Janus’s website.
 He’s invested in mortgage insurers amid a rebound in the housing market, after profiting in the financial crisis from his wagers against subprime mortgages.
 The fund is invested in Greek banks, French directory publisher Solocal Group, and Spanish and Irish real estate trusts, the person said.
 PFA, which invested 100 million kroner ($17 million), wanted assurances the company was hedging to guard against losses and not to chase profits, he said.
 “There is still a lot of money around which could be invested back into equities,” said Benno Galliker, a trader at Luzerner Kantonalbank AG in Lucerne, Switzerland.
 About 101 billion euros was invested in commercial properties when the Spanish market last peaked in 2007.
 About 101 billion euros was invested in commercial properties when the Spanish market last peaked in 2007.
 Betting on a rebound in oil prices, von Wyss said about 7 percent of the two funds is invested in that industry, including Akastor ASA, Norway’s oil services investment company, and Petrofac Ltd, Britain’s oil and gas engineer.
 Ranieri, 67, said in an interview yesterday that BlackRock and KKR invested in the company, without disclosing details of the transaction.
 Five single-family landlords have sold shares in initial public offerings and there have been more than 11 bond-market securitizations totaling about $6 billion announced in the past 12 months, allowing landlords to recoup much of the cash they spent buying and renovating homes, and giving them an opportunity to earn higher returns on the capital still invested.
 “Their goal is to make money” ValueAct is betting Agrium will benefit in 2016 from a rebound in wheat, corn and soybean prices after it invested to expand its fertilizer production.
 Of that, 85 percent is invested in Norway, and the rest in Sweden, Denmark and Finland.
 “I was invested in a lot of Cadiz funds with exposure to Abil,” Cadiz said in a phone interview from Cape Town today.
 “For the land of the free and the home of the brave, America is still a country that thinks that a lot of this stuff is the responsibility of government,” said Sabia, 61, who estimates there are “trillions” of dollars waiting to be invested in these assets by global pension and sovereign wealth funds.
 LightSquared Investment Falcone had invested money of his hedge-fund investors in LightSquared Inc, a wireless technology company that’s been in bankruptcy for more than two years.
 This includes 104 million pounds invested in Dynatect, a US-based manufacturer of protective equipment, according to the statement.
 Even without compounding, those kinds of daily returns would amount to an annual gain of about 250 percent -- or more than 25 times the average annual return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, with dividends reinvested, for the past 50 years.
 In May and June last year, Mandal and his wife, Wasima, 37, also a physician, invested $30,000 each with Secure, which required customers to use US.
 He says he’s never invested with Secure, nor traded forex nor even purchased a share of stock.
 doctor who, along with his wife, invested $60,000, followed Secure’s postings and studied its advertisements.
 Kane, a single father raising three teenage boys, invested $2,500 in Secure in July 2013.
 Assets invested in US.
 JetBlue is trying to boost revenue after failing to reach targets for return on invested capital and trailing rivals in revenue from each seat flown a mile, an industry benchmark.
 Adjustments are needed to secure a good harvest from the hundreds of billions invested in producing, mature fields” The government will consider changes to the petroleum tax system if necessary and is continuously monitoring fiscal terms across the economy, Jensen told reporters after her presentation.
 Blackstone shares, little changed at $3286 in New York yesterday, have gained 33 percent, with dividends reinvested, in the past year.
 Francois Canonica, one of a team of lawyers who represent 75 investors who invested about 60 million Swiss francs ($62 million) with Madoff through Aurelia, said his clients were cheated by fund managers who didn’t sufficiently diversify their investments and were overly trusting of the New Yorker.
 Some Compensation Canonica has said his clients have received nothing while other Geneva investment firms that invested with Madoff have been offered compensation.
 Optimal had about 233 billion euros ($29 billion) invested with Madoff at its peak.
 I think this is a very good story” JetBlue is trying to boost revenue after failing to reach targets for return on invested capital and trailing rivals in revenue from each seat flown a mile, an industry benchmark.
 After failing to meet its target of improving returns on invested capital 1 percent per year on average, JetBlue said that the planned changes will improve that gauge by at least 10 percent by year-end 2017.
 He’s invested in digital advertising to promote online sales and hired a management consultant to scrutinize pay -- his sales force now earns more on commissions and less in base salaries.
 The company has invested abroad as Russian legislation limits access to resources at home, such as Arctic offshore zones, to state-led companies.
 LightSquared Investment Falcone had invested money of his hedge-fund investors in LightSquared Inc, a wireless technology company that’s been in bankruptcy for more than two years.
 A nephew of Saudi ruler King Abdullah, Alwaleed drew attention from the international investing community in 1991, when he invested $590 million in Citigroup.
 In September, it invested in a plot of land in Tokyo valued at S$356 million.
 Slyngstad said the fund is now “less invested in” credit markets after excess liquidity distorted prices.
 “Mining is a traditional supporter of the coalition and coal is the source of energy that it’s invested a lot of political capital into,” said Zareh Ghazarian, a Melbourne-based professor at the Monash University School of Political and Social Inquiry.
 “We have invested and would like to continue to invest heavily around the renewable energy target in Australia, but certainty matters and we don’t currently have that,” GE’s Australian managing director of sales and finance, Jason Willoughby, said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 “Apple could’ve invested in a facility literally anywhere in the world,” said Mesa Mayor John Giles, who is planning to visit Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino, California, to show the city’s support.
 Companies led by London-based BP Plc have invested more than $40 billion in Azerbaijan’s oil and gas fields.
 Cohen, Coburn Carlyle’s first equity opportunity fund invested in companies including car repairer Service King Collision Repair Centers, student travel organization WorldStrides, tour operator Bonotel Exclusive Travel and commodities trading firm Traxys Group.
 The pool was producing a 26 percent annual return after fees and a 15 times multiple of invested capital as of Sept.
 “As such they are beating a path to the low-cost leader’s door” Vanguard’s mutual funds charge an asset-weighted average of 15 cents for every $100 invested, compared with 70 cents for the mutual-fund industry, Morningstar data show.
 Silver Lake last year invested $14 billion and Dell himself put in a stake worth $42 billion to take the company private, with the rest of the transaction financed by debt and cash from the personal-computer maker.
 That’s almost two times the $56 billion that Silver Lake and the company founder invested in the leveraged buyout.
 26 (Bloomberg) -- Pradipta Chakrabortty last year invested in Olympic Industries Ltd, a Bangladeshi cookie maker with some exceptional features: consumers know the brand and it operates in a fast-growing country of more than 150 million people.
 “The stock market in Bangladesh was down when we invested in 2013, but we saw booming consumption and massive potential for the company over the next three to five years,” Chakrabortty said in a telephone interview.
 Predecessor Returns The third power fund, which started investing in 2010, was producing a 13 percent net internal rate of return and a 15 multiple of invested capital as of Sept.
 “There are a lot of people that got into the asset class, believed in the story and want to see how it goes,” said John Kerschner, the Denver-based global head of securitized products at Janus Capital Group Inc, which has invested in the bonds.
 The Boston-based firm has invested in past American Homes 4 Rent deals, its disclosures show.
 They invested 299 billion yen in Nomura’s Topix fund, the data show.
 “It was not until actual operations that these circumstances were experienced and the resulting price excursions became apparent” Limited Resources Buffett has invested at least $26 billion on power plants, transmission lines and wind farms in the western US, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Agon, which will beam programming into Italy, is owned by entrepreneur Francesco Becchetti, who said he invested 40 million euros ($50 million) in studios in Tirana, Albania’s capital, where he employs about 500 people.
 Oaktree’s third-quarter profit fell 47 percent as it sold fewer holdings from its Opportunities VII fund, which invested in distressed securities during the financial crisis.
 They claimed New York-based Morgan Stanley invested their principal in high-risk collateralized debt obligations, against which Morgan Stanley made short bets.
 26 (Bloomberg) -- South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa sold his investment in Shanduka Group Pty Ltd, a holding company mainly invested in mining and energy assets, to avoid conflicts of interest.
 Regulatory filings from last week revealed that Stanford, which earlier this year became the wealthiest university to join the divestment movement when it agreed to exit coal, had invested in fossil-fuel companies in the third quarter.
 Under the new proposal, Ergen would also be underpaying for control of the company because his equity would be worth more than the $1 billion he invested, Friedman told Chapman.
 Accusations Fly LightSquared accused Ergen of trying to destroy the company when he invested in its debt, saying evidence showed that he intended to benefit Dish.
 Alibaba invested in Momo in November 2012, taking a 20 percent stake at an implied valuation of $100 million, according to a report by Brean Capital LLC last month.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Stanford University’s endowment invested in three oil and gas companies in the third quarter, a few months after saying it would end direct investing in publicly traded coal-mining ventures.
 “We have invested a lot in this opportunity by hiring more people, especially for ABS structuring,” said Verri, a partner at the New York-based investment bank.
 For example, about 5 percent of the First Trust fund is invested in another riskier ETF run by the same firm.
 Sanofi shares have returned 08 percent this year including reinvested dividends, compared with a 23 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index.
 Carlyle Group LP invested in 2007 in Numericable, now France’s largest cable provider and a unit of Altice.
 “So you’ve got to be careful with that and let them know that clients either come first or are beside us in the deals, but we’re not ahead of the clients” Goldman Sachs also often serves as underwriter on IPOs for companies in which it has invested, leading competitors to question whether the firm will push for a higher price than the market would dictate.
 Even with the recent increases in contributions, the amount invested by Goldman Sachs employees pales compared with the pre-crisis funds.
 Some that invested alongside real estate funds before the housing market collapsed lost money.
 Blankfein Benefit While the firm doesn’t provide details of the funds’ performance, bankers who have participated said that previous employee funds have performed well, in some cases more than doubling the amount invested.
 Goldman Sachs doesn’t disclose how much of that is profit and how much return of invested capital.
 The return to employee-only funds eliminates one added bonus from the previous structure: Bankers who invested in the earlier funds also received a share of the fees that the firm charges outside clients.
 They invested $311 million in stocks on Oct.
 The shares have declined 107 percent this year with reinvested dividends.
 Qatar Holding LLC, the foreign investment arm of the QIA, has invested in luxury hotels in Europe and financial-services firms such as Barclays Plc and Credit Suisse Group AG.
 “In the short term, it’s positive, but in the long term, the economic slowdown is probably the main driver of the market,” Lucy Qiu, an emerging markets analyst at UBS Wealth Management, which has $1 trillion in invested assets, said by phone from New York on Nov.
 Ten percent of its holdings were invested in emerging markets, 20 percent in mortgage-related securities and an additional 13 percent in US.
 The Gates Foundation has so far invested $13 million for Digital Green to work in India and will also spend $12 million for them to train more women in Ethiopia in farming, nutrition, and child and maternal health.
 The company, which was fined earlier this year for violating an anti-monopoly law in the country, invested in a sunglasses seller based in southern China last year.
 US-based exchange-traded funds invested in Russia had $22 million in outflows yesterday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The shares have returned 15 percent this year including reinvested dividends.
 “Even a single loss to any creditor would compromise its goals in this case” Gilbert, Penske Gilbert and fellow billionaire Roger Penske, both of whom have invested in the city, testified in favor of the plan.
 Slimming down P&G will allow proceeds to be invested in developing more products, like the Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor with FlexBall technology, that can command higher prices.
 that Buffett invested in more than a decade ago.
 Highfields manages more than $13 billion in assets, mostly invested in US.
 Carlyle’s 1994 private equity fund returned 25 percent a year, compared with net IRRs in the low-teens in its two most recent fully invested pools.
 Alibaba invested in Momo in November 2012, taking a 20 percent stake at an implied valuation of $100 million, according to a report by Brean Capital LLC last month.
 “The pension fund is very big and heavily invested in bonds, so it makes sense to allocate more to equities, and that’s lifting investor sentiment across the globe” The S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed more than 1 percent to a record at the end of last week.
 The next year, the hedge fund manager moved into reinsurance, a business that Buffett counted on for decades to generate premiums that can be invested in securities.
 Buffett, the world’s third-richest person, told congressional investigators in 2010 that he invested in the ratings company because of its “incredible” pricing power since it’s “a natural duopoly” with S&P.
 Development spend increased by 42 percent to 44 billion rand as the company invested in online retail and payment businesses.
 Act that would mean holders of subordinated bank debt would end up “being treated no better” than those who invested in new convertible debt, called non-viability contingent capital, according to the note.
 expansion would focus on “organic growth opportunities” TD invested $17 billion over the past decade building a branch network in the US, largely through acquisitions.
 Leshi said it invested in US-based battery-maker Atieva Inc.
 Since making its first deal in the region in 2007, Blackstone has invested about $7 billion, including $3 billion of equity, according to the firm.
 has $7 billion invested in private equity that it might have to sell at a loss.
 The money invested was used to buy stakes in private companies, meaning it’s locked up for years until the businesses are sold.
 3,000 Funds Banks can apply for more time on each individual fund they’ve invested in.
 Green energy is expected to be unaffected, in part because it’s set to receive almost 60 percent of the $5 trillion forecast to be invested in new power plants over the next decade, according to the International Energy Agency.
 The S&P/ASX 200 gained 46 percent this year through yesterday, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 14 percent return on the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and 73 percent on the MSCI World Index of global developed shares.
 said it had invested in Uber, which is led by Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick.
 The purifier was designed by Zhimi, which Lei said was one of 25 startups that the company had invested in.
 Blackstone had invested a little more than half the last buyout fund as of the end of September.
 He has expanded offerings beyond Janus’s traditional focus on domestic stocks, and plans to triple the proportion invested in fixed income and adding asset-allocation products.
 The biggest producers including BHP Billiton Ltd, Rio Tinto Group and Vale SA invested billions of dollars to increase output, pushing the market into oversupply and spurring a 48 percent tumble in prices this year.
 Apollo, Carlyle Apollo has $5 billion invested in energy debt and equity, including companies that are closely held.
 Carlyle increased its exposure to the industry in December 2012 when it invested $424 million to share revenue from NGP Energy Capital Management, an Irving, Texas-based investment firm that has stakes in at least six publicly traded exploration and production companies.
 “Munich has invested a lot in opening new facilities, yet we still aren’t able to fill all the positions for childcare workers” With 14 million people, Munich is Germany’s third-largest city behind Berlin and Hamburg.
 “The company has invested a lot in the management of the political interface,” said Sergio Lazzarini, co-author of Reinventing State Capitalism: Leviathan in Business, Brazil and Beyond.
 GEMS Expansion Blackstone joined a group that invested in GEMS Education Ltd, a Dubai-based school operator that also has schools in the US, UK, India and Singapore.
 Gulf Capital, in Abu Dhabi, invested $30 million in Evolvence Knowledge Investments, a Dubai school operator, last July.
 invested $800 million in before its record initial public offering misstated tax payments and must pay interest on the charges.
 She then worked at O’Connor Realty Advisers Inc, which managed funds that invested in properties on behalf of pension funds, was acquired by JP.
 He has also invested in technology companies, including Facebook Inc.
 He spent 74 billion rupees buying a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010 at 4725 rupees per share and has invested a further 56 billion rupees, SpiceJet has said.
 JPMorgan and Singh, who have invested about 170 million rupees in SpiceJet to help it clear dues to oil refiners, plan to finalize the deal in a month’s time, the official said.
 He paid 74 billion rupees to buy a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010, and invested a further 56 billion rupees, according to the airline.
 said it had invested in Uber, which is led by Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick.
 At the University of California, Chief Investment Officer Jagdeep Baccher is reviewing the investment strategy for the school’s $91 billion portfolio, which is about 10 percent invested in fossil fuels.
 said it had invested in the mobile car-booking company, which is led by Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick.
 Om Nom Nom Ltd, which holds the Kenyan franchise for Domino’s and Cold Stone Creamery, has invested $6 million since Feb.
 UniCredit, the third European bank strongly invested in the former Soviet Union, has 18 billion euros at stake in Russia, or 40 percent of its tangible book value, Citigroup said.
 Teva’s ADRs gained less than 1 percent to $5684 at the close in in New York and have returned 46 percent this year, including reinvested dividends, compared with a 28 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceuticals Index.
 KKR, Related KKR & Co, Related Cos, Westport Capital Partners and Oaktree Capital Management are among the firms that have invested in housing in the Williston area.
 Approval Rating The fact that the government’s approval rating hasn’t fallen reflects the public’s “callousness” about corruption, according to David Fleischer, a political science professor at the University of Brasilia, who cited a traditional Brazilian saying about politicians: “He steals, but gets things done” The scandal may yet shock people out of their indifference, particularly because many invested their savings in Petrobras stock, Fleischer said.
 Hutton Group in New York, where they formed a separate unit, Dubin & Swieca Capital Management, in 1984 that tracked performance of, and invested in, hedge funds.
 He invested that amount in TCI and increased it about ninefold, according to the judge.
 “We’ve invested deeply in mobile, and those investments are paying off,” Mayer said on a call with analysts in October.
 “People that want money invested are putting it in America” Emerging Shares While the S&P 500 capped a third straight annual advance, the MSCI All-Country World Index excluding the US.
 Nodelman said in November that EcoR1 has invested in companies that show signs of developing drugs that target significant unmet medical needs.
 UniCredit, the third European bank strongly invested in the former Soviet Union, has 18 billion euros at stake in Russia, or 40 percent of its tangible book value, Citigroup said.
 In July, he said the company had invested in a battery-technology company without providing details.
 His firm’s funds had $55 billion invested in real estate at the time, he said.
 Credit Suisse lawyers argued that proceeds of the 2007 refinancing allowed other Highland funds to cash out of $168 million previously invested in the project, so the actual damages should be $82 million.
 and Daniel Loeb’s Third Point have already invested in Greece’s financial-services industry since April, when the country’s banks returned to international capital markets after being frozen out during the financial crisis of 2012.
 It found 96 percent of those responding felt water issues in China were “serious” About 99 percent believed it important to take urgent action to help solve the increasingly urbanized country’s water crisis with almost nine of 10 surveyed saying more money should be invested to boost access to safer waters.
 The steel magnate paid $105 million for the London soccer team in 2003 and has since invested more than $800 million.
 Carswell had to have complete confidence in the firm and the loan terms before he invested.
 The world’s largest maker of luxury vehicles has invested heavily in the i3 and its i8 sports-car cousin, including $100 million for a plant in Moses Lake, Washington, that spins the carbon fiber for the frame.
 invested in Jeff Robinov’s Studio 8, which is making films for Sony Corp.
 As part of the agreement, Sony has also invested in the studio, according to the statement.
 In September, a GIC affiliate and two Canadian pension funds invested $700 million in XPO Logistics Inc, a provider of services including airfreight forwarding and warehousing management that’s based in Greenwich, Connecticut.
 Ontario Teachers is invested in several Canadian energy companies, including Canadian Natural Resources Ltd, Suncor Energy Inc, Encana Corp.
 “We expected that Abenomics would help both big companies and smaller suppliers like us, so we invested 800 million yen to build a new factory,” Tanaka said in an interview.
 City Developments, Singapore’s second-largest developer by market value, said in September that it invested in a plot of land in Tokyo valued at S$356 million ($279 million).
 The project, in which Keppel Land invested about $70 million, is on Manhattan’s Upper East Side and will be developed by Macklowe Properties Inc.
 In total, Singapore entities invested $98 billion in overseas commercial property in the nine months to September, overtaking China with $84 billion of overseas investments and Hong Kong with $73 billion, RCA said.
 Ho Bee, which has invested in office towers in London and is developing homes in Melbourne and Gold Coast in Australia, is scouting for more buying opportunities in Sydney and London, Woon said.
 Other developers going overseas include Pontiac Land Group, owner of the Singapore Ritz-Carlton, which invested $200 million in reviving a 72-story residential tower project adjacent to the Museum of Modern Art in midtown Manhattan last year.
 KKR will make about two times the $150 million it invested for 50 percent of Fotolia in 2012, a person with knowledge of the matter said.
 TA Associates Management invested in the company in 2009.
 Investors spent 493 billion euros on commercial-property assets in Spain last year, more than double the 232 billion euros invested in 2012, as the economy came out of its second recession since 2008 and prospects of a euro-currency breakup faded.
 “Every carmaker has invested copious amounts of money bringing electronics to their vehicles,” Boyadjis said.
 Erwan and Ichsan Jamaluddin invested aid money and earnings from odd jobs to rebuild their lives after losing their parents and two sisters to giant waves on Dec.
 In Ban Nam Khem, Wanchai Chitcharoen, 57, invested in renovating his new army-built home so that it houses his wife’s hair salon in front and their living quarters in the back.
 Among the firms Sass has invested in are Waterfall Asset Management LLC, an asset-backed hedge fund, and Amerra Capital Management LLC, a private-equity firm focused on agricultural commodities.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index returned 126 percent, including reinvested dividends, during the same period.
 Venture Capital Venture capitalists in Silicon Valley and elsewhere have invested hundreds of millions of dollars into digital-currency startup companies.
 Venture capital firms, especially those based in California’s Silicon Valley, have invested about $403 million in bitcoin-related companies, according to the website CoinDesk.
 Unlike Deutsche Bank, that may have a “significant impact” on the appetite of those already invested and cause potential investors to look elsewhere for better returns, he said.
 He has invested a further 56 billion rupees in the airline so far, according to SpiceJet.
 and DaVita Healthcare Partners Inc, that Combs or Weschler invested in before joining Berkshire.
 The group invested $94 billion in 2013 to become the largest investor in Chinese insurer Ping An Insurance Group Co.
 Blackstone has returned 194 percent including reinvested dividends from May 2, 2012, when Carlyle’s stock began trading, through yesterday.
 Two years later, the 15-person group, which invested in hedge funds, left.
 Its successor fund, a 22 billion-euro vehicle that invested in the ill-fated Tunbridge Wells site, has produced a negative 5 percent annual return after fees as of Sept.
 Much of the money was invested in development projects in Western Europe, a person with knowledge of the deals said, with a thesis that the economy was bottoming.
 “Italy invested nearly $1 billion in building” the Cameri facility in northern Italy “and it’s very hard, on a cost basis and value basis, to match that,” F-35 program manager Air Force Lieutenant General Christopher Bogdan told reporters in Washington today.
 Western banks that invested in eastern Europe and Russia are starting to feel the fallout from the collapse of the ruble, which has lost about 40 percent against the euro this year.
 The biggest producers including BHP Billiton Ltd, Rio Tinto Group and Vale SA have invested billions of dollars to increase output, pushing the market into oversupply and spurring a 49 percent slump in prices this year.
 Sovereign funds have invested an average $8 billion to $10 billion into Indian stocks annually, the brokerage said on Dec.
 He spent 74 billion rupees buying a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010 at 4725 rupees per share and has invested a further 56 billion rupees, SpiceJet has said.
 Funds domiciled in the country that aren’t yet invested in the Chinese market should refrain from using the link until they get regulatory approval, he said.
 Formation 8 also invested in big data startup RelateIQ, which Salesforcecom acquired in July for $390 million.
 “We invested in Oculus’s second round because it solved that issue,” said Koo, a member of the founding family of Seoul-based LG Electronics Inc.
 Formation 8 recently invested $100 million from its second fund in Korea’s Yello Mobile, a platform for digital businesses, which values the startup at $1 billion.
 There are a number of other interesting categories that Xiaomi can target” Xiaomi is the first company that predominantly sells hardware that DST has invested in, according to Milner.
 DST invested in Alibaba in 2011, about three years before its record initial public offering, and the e-commerce operator now has a market value of $262 billion.
 Paulson is worth $112 billion, with most of that invested in the firm’s funds, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
 EON has already written down at least 1 billion euros ($124 billion) of the 13 billion euros it has invested in Brazil.
 KWAP, has invested 10 percent of its funds in overseas assets from a 19 percent limit, Wan Kamaruzaman said.
 He spent 74 billion rupees buying a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010 at 4725 rupees per share and has invested a further 56 billion rupees, SpiceJet has said.
 bank has invested heavily in Canadian investment banking in recent years, particularly in financial institutions and energy, he said.
 The firm invested about $260 million of equity, according to a person with knowledge of the investment, who asked not to be identified because the financial details weren’t public.
 Revival Attempt Maran has invested about 13 billion rupees ($210 million) in the airline so far, including the 74 billion rupees that he spent buying a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010 at 4725 rupees per share, according to SpiceJet.
 ONGC, Gail Sovereign wealth funds have invested about $8 billion to $10 billion on average into Indian stocks annually, Neelkanth Mishra, managing director for equity research at Credit Suisse Securities (India) Pvt, said in Mumbai yesterday.
 Companies invested 94 trillion yen in the period, 47 percent less than the highpoint in the first quarter of 2007, based on comparable data back to 2001.
 Ripley has the lowest operating margin, return on assets, return on equity and return on invested capital among Andes retailers with a market value higher than $500 million, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 To keep mobile-ad growth on track, the Menlo Park, California-based social network has invested in new tools to enable advertisers to measure how often individuals see their promotions across mobile devices and desktop computers and by acquiring LiveRail Inc, which helps it serve video ads across wireless devices and computers.
 “As your patterns of demand growth change, we will change our patterns of investment to supply and meet that demand” BHP has invested $133 billion, or 17 percent of the group’s total spending, in copper operations over the last five years, according to a presentation last month.
 Blackstone, which invested about $65 billion of equity in Hilton, has sold about a quarter of its shares since the IPO for $48 billion, according to filings.
 The expansion of a program that allows yuan raised offshore to be invested in China’s domestic capital market has further tightened yuan supply in Hong Kong, Kowalczyk said.
 Goldman Sachs invested in Facebook Inc.
 It’s intended to help workers save by allowing them to deduct a portion of their paycheck each month to be invested in Treasury securities.
 Too much has been invested in boosting output in recent years, particularly in US.
 When prices fell, Hall invested in the dollar.
 The country’s rulers have invested a lot of political capital in major projects “and they are not about to pull them.
 GGV manages $22 billion of funds and invested in Alibaba before the IPO.
 “In the past, you could find a really good startup for just 1 or 2 million yuan,” said Li, who’s invested in more than 30 local companies.
 Agon, which will beam programming into Italy, is owned by entrepreneur Francesco Becchetti, who said he invested 40 million euros ($50 million) in studios in Tirana, Albania’s capital, where he employs about 500 people.
 Icahn, 78, in recent years has invested in US.
 F-Squared is the largest active-ETF strategist with about $285 billion invested under its index strategies, according to the agency.
 He spent 74 billion rupees buying a stake from Wilbur Ross in 2010 at 4725 rupees per share and has invested a further 56 billion rupees, SpiceJet has said.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- SoftBank Corp, the technology company controlled by Masayoshi Son, invested $250 million in GrabTaxi Holdings Pte as the cab-booking service fends off competition from Uber Technologies Inc.
 Herald (Lux) SICAV was a feeder fund that invested all its money with Madoff and had a claim the trustee calculated as being about $2556 million.
 have invested more than $600 million since 2012, “a number that is impressive but does not approach anticipated levels,” Murphy and Clad wrote in a National Bureau of Asian Research note published Nov.
 They invested in new machines, increased the product line to about 350 items and expanded into new markets such as eastern Europe.
 There are a number of other interesting categories that Xiaomi can target” Xiaomi is the first company that predominantly sells hardware that DST has invested in, according to Milner.
 DST invested in Alibaba in 2011, about three years before its record initial public offering, and the e-commerce operator now has a market value of $262 billion.
 Senior debt holders may lose 10 cents for every rand invested, it said Aug.
 That pushed the stock to a 08 percent gain this year, including reinvested dividends, valuing Evotec at 485 million euros ($599 million).
 Oi, based in Rio de Janeiro, is the smallest of the four major mobile carriers in Brazil and has invested less than rivals in infrastructure.
 Carlyle Group LP invested in 2007 in Numericable, now France’s largest cable provider and a unit of Altice.
 Both hired more temporary workers, updated technology, and invested in infrastructure to make sure they could handle rising demand from online purchases that caught them off guard last year.
 Fosun, the Shanghai-based company that invested $200 million in Jeff Robinov’s Studio 8 in June, also held talks to invest in Lions Gate, people with knowledge of the matter have said.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index surged nearly 14 percent, including reinvested dividends.
 Under his direction, the firm became an aggressive new competitor in the contest for underwriting business and a specialist in the high-stakes field of block trading, and it invested in computer technology to help handle the increased business.
 ‘Common Experience’ With Internet sales growing at about four times the pace of the total personal luxury market, being strong online can boost revenue growth and improve the return on invested capital, according to Exane analyst Luca Solca.
 Carlyle Group LP invested in 2007 in Numericable, now France’s largest cable provider and a unit of Altice.
 It invested $200 million in an alliance with construction conglomerate Shapoorji Pallonji Group in November last year followed by $250 million in a venture with billionaire Ajay Piramal-owned Piramal Enterprises Ltd.
 Omnova needs to improve its strategic focus, return on invested capital, organic growth, and corporate governance, Barington co-founder James Mitarotonda said in a letter dated today to Kevin McMullen, the company’s chairman and chief executive officer.
 Barington has previously invested in industrial companies including A.
 and then oversaw a 14-fold surge of invested client money, has died.
 Funds invested in Russia sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc, the nation’s biggest bank, and Nikko Asset Management Co.
 Too much has been invested to boost output in recent years, particularly in US.
 technology company for Omers, which has also invested in companies such as Hootsuite Media Inc.
