 Therepurchase plan is the largest since a similar sized programbegan in 2005 and the biggest since Ellen Kullman took over aschairman and chief executive officer in 2009.
 “Deals like Leeds United should increase shareholder value” GFH took over Leeds, a three-time British Premier League champion, through its Dubai-based unit GFH Capital in 2012.
 It’s the first buyout at Forest for Chief Executive Officer Brent Saunders, who took over Oct.
 “We want to generate attractive returns for shareholders and this means returns at a project level” Van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, is trying to win investor confidence after the company’s fourth-quarter profit fell to the lowest since 2009.
 “This acquisition is huge, and he may have thought he has to seal the deal while he’s still in charge” Father’s Beer Saji took over as president of Suntory in 2001 and may be planning to retire as early as this year.
 Watt took over this month as director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 “Pension plans don’t want to give back the gains that essentially took over five years to accumulate” Public and private pension funds in the US.
 Merrill Lynch, a unit of Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America, took over the SBS position in July.
 “We need to dig ourselves out of a hole,” Chen, who took over as CEO and president on Jan.
 “Corporate change could release huge value” Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser this year, has accelerated asset sales with two deals announced this month.
 The acquisition is the first at Forest for Chief Executive Officer Brent Saunders, who took over Oct.
 Saunders took over as Forest’s CEO following proxy battles between the company and Carl Icahn, the billionaire investor who is now the drugmaker’s second-largest shareholder.
 Lampert took over as CEO in February 2013.
 The acquisition is the first at Forest for Chief Executive Officer Brent Saunders, who took over Oct.
 Nobody gets rich in our world by recruiting others and selling them on nothing but the income opportunity” Hunt took over as CEO in 2003 and, after three years of sales stagnating at around $1 billion annually, decided to reorganize its hodge podge of business units around a simple “anti-aging” theme.
 Since he took over as president in 2001, Saji has bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor for a total of 376 billion yen ($364 billion).
 Merrill Lynch, a unit of Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America, took over the SBS position in July.
 The army-backed government that took over from Mursi inherited record unemployment and a budget deficit at 14 percent of gross domestic product.
 Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat, 53, who took over in late 2012, posted quarterly results that missed Wall Street estimates on a slump in bond trading.
 Maria das Gracas Foster has been making public calls to align global and domestic prices since she took over as chief executive officer in February 2012.
 Kleinfeld inherited the investigations over the company’s conduct in Bahrain when he took over in 2008, after joining the company a year earlier.
 9 in its first development plan since Choi Kyung Soo took over as chairman in October.
 and its partners took over running the Mumbai airport in 2006 as part of government plans to modernize India’s transportation networks.
 “We look forward to further progress on our strategic goals as we move into 2014 with strength and momentum” The shares have more than doubled since June 2012, and through yesterday were 81 percent above the price when Gorman took over at the end of 2009.
 He said he had different views over how the business should be run than Heaney and Rooney, who took over leadership of the fixed-income division last year.
 This is the second asset sale announced by Shell Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser this year.
 Former Deutsche Telekom AG CEO Rene Obermann, who took over as Ziggo’s chief this month, will leave the company after the purchase is complete.
 Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, is facing rising costs for new projects and stagnant oil prices.
 Debt Load Levin took over after his predecessors spent more than $30 billion on acquisitions in the past decade while failing to wean Teva off its dependence on Copaxone.
 Obermann’s Future Former Deutsche Telekom AG CEO Rene Obermann, who took over as Ziggo’s chief this month, will leave the company after the purchase is completed.
 “He’s really a bit of an enigma: You don’t know exactly where he’s going to head” Under DeMarco, a career civil servant who took over the FHFA’s top role in 2009 and later won accolades from Republicans for his approach, the agency initially focused on limiting Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s losses from the housing slump.
 Maersk will book a gain of 14 billion kroner ($256 billion) out of proceeds of as much as 17 billion kroner, the Copenhagen-based company said today in a statement Since Chief Executive Officer Nils Smedegaard Andersen took over in 2007, Maersk has been selling divisions to focus on container shipping, port operations, oil exploration and drilling.
 The stock is up 75 percent since he took over as Surge focuses on modest output growth and paying a “sustainable” dividend, he said.
 Thomas and Raymond Kwok took over running the company in May 2008 after ousting Walter from the chairmanship and replacing him with their mother Kwong Siu-hing.
 Before Gupta took over in November 2009, DBS’s managers didn’t know whether a branch or a customer was profitable, and they lacked uniform practices, the current CEO told the Foreign Correspondents Association in Singapore two years later.
 “We are looking back on the company’s strongest year ever,” and the brand will “continue to build on” its growth strategy, Tobias Moers, who took over as head of AMG in October, said today in a statement.
 The 57-year-old took over Rio’s organizing committee in January 2013, and says preparation for the 2 1/2-weeks of competition can rebuild trust between the country and its business elites by proving things can be done “without corruption” Last week, his committee said the operating budget increased by 25 percent to 7 billion reais, and tomorrow, a new capital spending plan -- originally estimated at 23 billion reais -- will be released.
 Longest Gap Koskinen took over at the IRS after the longest gap between Senate-confirmed commissioners since Congress created the position in 1862.
 John Chen, who took over as chief executive officer in November, is reorienting the company toward its core of business and government users, pledging to predominantly make models fitted with BlackBerry’s traditional physical keyboard in the future.
 The repurchase plan is the largest since a similar sized program began in 2005 and the biggest since Ellen Kullman took over as chairman and chief executive officer in 2009.
 and western Europe and acting chief in Ireland, cut some of the targets when he took over in November and conducts quarterly reviews to make sure they are in line with the London-based company’s performance.
 “Our task is to increase the share of younger women in the audience,” Yuliana Slashcheva, who took over the company as chief executive officer in August, said via e-mail yesterday.
 The election was the first since Rajoelina took over in a military-backed coup in 2009, plunging the country into an economic crisis as donors including the European Union froze budget aid and the US.
 In the almost two years since Thulin took over as chief executive officer, he has reorganized the company into five reporting units from six, shed assets to focus growth on businesses with more potential and set a goal of increasing research and development spending to 6 percent of sales from 55 percent.
 Alcatel-Lucent shares have more than tripled since Combes took over.
 At the time, the stock had dropped 37 percent from when he took over on June 18, 2010, compared with a 21 percent fall in Myer.
 Nokia has cut more than 21,000 jobs at NSN, which it fully took over from Siemens AG last year, and has sold other assets to revive profitability.
 North Tower Cantor alleged American should have stopped five Islamic extremists who took over Flight 11 from Logan International Airport in Boston and crashed into the north tower.
 Before today, Telecom Italia’s stock had jumped 23 percent since Patuano took over as CEO, and was about 13 percent higher than in December 2012, when the Milan-based company rejected Sawiris’s offer.
 Chief Executive Officer Steve Bennett, who took over the company in July 2012, cut about 1,000 jobs last year, reorganized the sales division to focus on new business and eliminated old products as a record slump for PCs crimped sales of antivirus products.
 “That’s how they are and that’s how it should be” In December 2012, Mistry’s younger son Cyrus, picked in 2011 to lead the $100 billion conglomerate, took over from Ratan Tata, who was the group’s chairman for two decades.
 He is seeking to salvage securities that were valued at more than $100 billion combined before the 2008 financial crisis, which many deemed worthless when the federal government took over the companies as markets unraveled.
 It’s quite a nice warm welcome for him” Levin, who took over in 2012, had pledged to make the company leaner rather than grow through multibillion-dollar acquisitions.
 Fast is not a year, fast is a few months” Levin took over after his predecessors spent more than $30 billion on acquisitions in the past decade while failing to wean Teva off its dependence on Copaxone.
 The Sunnyvale, California-based company also faces a management transition: Chief Executive Officer Shaygan Kheradpir took over just this month, following the retirement of Kevin Johnson.
 Magnacca, who took over last year, plans to introduce new format stores and reduce the number of stocked items.
 Chief Executive Officer Marco Patuano, who took over from Franco Bernabe in October, has sold the company’s Argentine business, some mandatory convertible bonds and unveiled plans to dispose assets including wireless towers and a broadcasting unit to help adjusted net debt of more than 282 billion euros at the end of September.
 in 2002 and took over Ruhrgas AG under ministerial approval a year later to become one of Europe’s biggest utilities, with representation in more than 20 countries.
 ANA, which took over AirAsia Japan Co.
 Chief Executive Officer Steve Bennett, who took over the company in July 2012, cut about 1,000 jobs last year, reorganized the sales division to focus on new business and eliminated old products as a record slump for PCs crimped sales of antivirus products.
 Lampert took over as CEO in February 2013.
 It would be the first time the billionaire investor fell short of the goal since he took over the Omaha, Nebraska-based company in 1965.
 Book value stood at just $19 a share when he took over and had compounded at almost 20 percent annually through 2012.
 BlackBerry is drawing on the experience of Chen and some of his former deputies at Sybase, which was trading near a record low when he took over as CEO in 1998 and was sold in 2010 to SAP AG for $58 billion.
 The shares have more than doubled since June 2012, and through yesterday were 81 percent above the price when Gorman took over at the end of 2009.
 He said he had different views over how the business should be run than Heaney and Rooney, who took over leadership of the fixed-income division last year.
 Longest Gap Koskinen took over at the IRS after the longest gap between Senate-confirmed commissioners since Congress created the position in 1862.
 Germanwings first took over Lufthansa’s point-to-point services from Stuttgart, and Lufthansa is now rolling over flights from Hamburg and Berlin, with Dusseldorf services set to follow in the middle of next year.
 Market Value Building Fast Retailing from the clothing business he took over from his father, Yanai has amassed a net worth of $193 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
 Feray is part of a team brought in under a turnaround effort led by Chief Executive Officer Joe Magnacca, who took over last year.
 John Chen, who took over as chief executive officer inNovember, is reorienting the company back to its core ofbusiness and government users, pledging to predominantly makemodels fitted with BlackBerry’s traditional physical keyboard inthe future.
 “Those changes all make this a much more attractive business and the product is a better product,” said Mayer, who initially began as chief credit officer of Longbridge and took over as CEO last year.
 “The market is wide open, nobody has leadership yet” PC-Dependent The Santa Clara, California-based company, which Krzanich took over in May, remains heavily dependent on servers and PCs.
 Chief Executive Officer John Chen, who took over in November, is revamping the company’s strategy to outsource manufacturing and return the target market to business users instead of consumers.
 “The competition is brutal,” Al Gardner, who took over as Chrysler brand chief in November, said in a press briefing before the Detroit show.
 Overseas Growth Nobutada Saji, a grandson of Suntory founder Shinjiro Torii, has led the family-controlled business to expand outside Japan since he took over as president in 2001.
 She took over on Jan.
 Kleinfeld inherited the investigations over the company’s conduct in Bahrain when he took over Alcoa in 2008, after joining the company a year earlier.
 “And as technology comes along that will mean that we will lose jobs in certain areas” Jenkins, who took over from Robert Diamond in 2012, has told investors that Barclays may trim its workforce by almost a third in the next decade as automation and online banking develop, two people with knowledge of the conversations said in March.
 Turning Point Last year marked a turning point for Toyoda, who took over as president after Toyota’s first annual loss in almost six decades.
 and 3G Capital took over the ketchup maker.
 German Pessimism While the euro is little changed from where it was when Draghi took over the ECB from Jean-Claude Trichet in November 2011, the region’s economy contracted for six consecutive quarters starting at the end of that year.
 JPMorgan took over the office and began moving investment banking staff over to the building in January 2012, according to the lender’s website.
 Korea Exchange plans to extend trading hours after the official close and may lengthen its six-hour regular trading day within five years to boost liquidity in the $12 trillion market, according to its first development plan since Choi Kyung Soo took over as chairman in October.
 Sharma took over as CFO on an interim basis in August after Pierre Wauthier was found dead in his home.
 Whitman, who took over at Hewlett-Packard in September 2011, has been working to turn around one of Silicon Valley’s oldest companies, whose product range spans from PCs and home printers to the servers, networking gear and software used by corporations.
 Joussen took over a year ago and started an efficiency plan that includes cutting jobs at the Hanover headquarters, ending sponsoring agreements and consulting contracts and selling the corporate jet, with a target of reaching 1 billion euros in operating profit next year.
 Chief Executive Officer Sheri McCoy, who took over in April 2012, has been working to trim Avon’s costs and exit unprofitable markets abroad.
 State-owned Abu Dhabi National Oil Co, or Adnoc, took over operation of the fields and is evaluating offers from producers seeking a stake in a new concession.
 Bowzer, who took over as CEO in 2012, previously oversaw Marathon Oil Corp’s Eagle Ford operations as vice president for North America.
 in 2006, took over the investment products and services group in 2012.
 automaker also won an industry-best eight categories for Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra, who took over as product chief in February 2011.
 The Fed took over efforts to improve functioning of the market in 2012 after the private-sector Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform Task Force, sponsored by the Fed in 2009, disbanded.
 Blackstone’s hedge funds-of-funds group has grown to $56 billion since Hill took over in 2000.
 Sands, the world’s largest casino operator, is working with local, state and federal law enforcement investigating the attack, which disabled the company’s e-mail system and took over its websites.
 co-founder Graham Weston, who took over as chief executive officer this week, is meeting with shareholders face-to-face after the company’s stock plunged on news of his predecessor’s retirement.
 Daily Poll ICE Benchmark Administration Ltd, part of the IntercontinentalExchange Group, took over the role as Libor administrator from the British Bankers’ Association today.
 Saunders, the former CEO of Bausch & Lomb Inc, took over leadership of Forest in September with support from Icahn.
 The unidentified intruders temporarily took over the home page of the Sands Casino Resort in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, posting statements criticizing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sheldon Adelson, a staunch supporter of Israel, over comments he made about Iran and its nuclear program.
 Predecessor Fired Borgen, who took over as CEO in September after Chairman Ole Andersen fired his predecessor Eivind Kolding for lacking the financial acumen needed to run a bank, told shareholders last week they will receive their first dividend since 2007.
 Shareholder Returns Borgen, who took over in September, cut the bank’s 2015 return-on-equity target a month later to 9 percent from 12 percent.
 Shell Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over this year, is stepping up asset sales after weak margins from refining and unprofitable shale investments in North America cut earnings.
 Wolfgang Bernhard, who took over as trucks chief in a job swap with Renschler in April, got 303 million euros, a decrease of 07 percent.
 “We will, in our mind, dominate that space the way we have dominated the seeding space” Blackstone’s hedge funds-of-funds group, which has grown to $56 billion in assets since Hill took over in 2000, already has funds that seed new managers by providing them with $100 million to $200 million in initial capital.
 Janet Yellen took over leadership of the central bank from Ben S.
 Sweden was 257 seconds behind when Kalla took over on the fourth and last 5-kilometer leg of the race.
 Paul Volcker, who took over as the central bank chief in 1979, had to raise the federal funds rate in the following year to as high as 20 percent.
 Cutifani, who took over from Carroll in April, says better performance will mostly appear next year, and in 2016 when return on capital will double to 15 percent.
 Laurence, who took over as CEO in December after turning around Vodafone Group Plc’s UK.
 Two years after leaving Apple, Jon Rubinstein took over product development at handheld computer maker Palm and became CEO there in 2009.
 Since Comcast took over the cable systems serving his area in 2007, the company’s responsiveness and product quality have gone downhill, he said.
 Banks that issued the loans include Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Depfa Bank Plc, Caisses d’Epargne, Credit Agricole SA and Societe de Financement Local, or SFIL, which in 2013 took over most of Dexia’s French risks.
 He took over management of the bank in September after Chairman Ole Andersen said his predecessor, Eivind Kolding, lacked the skillset needed to run a financial conglomerate.
 Key Dates Since Welch and Pierson took over management of YRC, they worked out the refinancing plan and put three key dates on a white board -- the labor contract extension, the plan to issue new shares to pay debt and the bank loans.
 The Olympics also helped promote Jimmy Fallon and provided a big lead-in as the comedian took over as host of “The Tonight Show,” he said.
 Swedish took over as CEO last March.
 They include the $3 billion loan on Stuyvesant Town-Peter Cooper Village, Manhattan’s largest apartment complex, which CWCapital took over in 2010 after the second-biggest CMBS default in history.
 Sahai took over from Douglas Peterson, who became chief executive officer Nov.
 Saunders, the former CEO of Bausch & Lomb Inc, took over leadership of Forest in September with support from Icahn.
 As Chief Executive Officer Ulrich Spiesshofer, who took over in September, is grappling with the risks of offshore wind projects, he tasked the Power Systems division’s new leadership to work on a plan to improve performance.
 “Ever since Anders Runevad took over, we’ve heard the word stability, stability, stability,” Pedersen said.
 Joussen took over a year ago from Michael Frenzel, who had led TUI for 19 years, a period investors have mocked as two lost decades.
 “We believe, over time, that being able to offer customers a variety of products in both branded and generics will be something that will give us an advantage over many of our competitors” Rapid Rise Actavis, run from Parsippany, New Jersey, has grown rapidly since Bisaro took over in 2007, when he was recruited from his job as chief operating officer for Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Justice Saliann Scarpulla, who took over the case last month when Kapnick moved to an appeals court, today denied a motion by the objectors to delay entry of the judgment.
 The world’s third-largest pension fund has become too big for South Korean markets after growing to about 33 percent of the nation’s gross domestic product, according to Choi, a former economics professor who also took over as chairman in May.
 Buffett took over Berkshire in 1965 and transformed it from a textile maker into a $280 billion holding company with operations spanning the retail, transportation, manufacturing, energy and insurance industries.
 Merrill Lynch, a unit of Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America, took over the SBS position in July.
 The EBA, an independent EU body that took over from CEBS, said in July 2011 that eight banks had failed a revamped stress test with a combined shortfall of 25 billion euros.
 Assets under management have climbed 46 percent from when Fleming took over.
 The companies entered into a confidentiality agreement four months before Garofalo took over as CEO, HudBay said in a February filing.
 Redford took over from former Premier Ed Stelmach in 2011, capturing the party leadership as an underdog and outsider.
 Making deeper inroads into China is a top priority for Steve Mollenkopf, who took over on March 4 as Qualcomm’s chief executive officer.
 And a Ukrainian phone company said its network in parts of the Crimean peninsula was damaged as unidentified men took over communication centers.
 Barclays Plc took over New York-based Lehman’s municipal bond business after Lehman filed the biggest bankruptcy in US.
 Allen took over for Robert Loudermilk, son of founder Charles Loudermilk in 2011.
 Chief Executive Officer Steve Kandarian has seen regulation hinder his company’s capital plans since he took over the top job at the largest US.
 before joining Jet in October 2012 as CFO, took over as acting CEO when Gary Kenneth Toomey resigned in January.
 “He genuinely does seem to have a great interest in the publishing side of the business” Lachlan’s fortunes have risen even as he struggled to make his own way as a businessman in Australia, where he took over a money-losing, low-rated TV broadcaster and later brought in a News Corp.
 “We’re sticking to our knitting” Williams, who took over the top job at the largest US.
 High-Speed Trains OAO Gazprom, which took over Russia’s post-Soviet gas exports, in the 1990s began a partnership with BASF SE, Germany’s single largest consumer of natural gas.
 Bennett, who took over as CEO after Enrique Salem’s ouster in July 2012, has presided over slowing sales growth as a record PC slump curbs spending on Symantec’s antivirus software, which is often bundled with new computers.
 Book value stood at $19 a share when he took over and had compounded at almost 20 percent annually through 2013.
 A Chapter 11 trustee took over in January 2007 and operations halted.
 Lauralee Martin took over for Flaherty, who was fired because HCP’s board lost confidence in his “leadership and his leadership style,” the nursing-home owner said Oct.
 Nadella, who took over as CEO last month, wrote in an e-mail to employees that he had appointed Guthrie to lead company’s cloud and enterprise organization.
 Ralph Hamers, who took over as chief executive officer in October, is presenting goals for the remaining operations, which consist mostly of a European bank.
 Net debt swelled to 75 billion euros in 2013 from 705 billion euros because it increased stakes in Australian and Russian joint ventures and took over a quarry in the UK.
 It became SAE’s task to sell off 27 unproductive sugar mills the government took over in 2001 to protect jobs and preserve the country’s sugar supply.
 Siemens Chief Executive Officer Joe Kaeser, who took over as CEO in August after a series of missed profit goals, is reviewing the German company’s portfolio before a planned strategy update in May.
 Petronas is seeking to bolster its finances to fund a record 300 billion ringgit ($92 billion) spending plan to replenish Malaysia’s diminishing reserves and has embarked on a worldwide review of its portfolio since Chief Executive Officer Shamsul Azhar Abbas took over four years ago.
 It expanded this year by adding two hydroelectric power plants in India and last year took over oilfield operations in northern Iraq and UK.
 The puzzle is how to get it out economically” Halcon shares have fallen almost 50 percent in the past year after surging to a high of $1276 in February of 2012 just months after Wilson took over.
 Though Snabe will join the supervisory board, people familiar with the matter say his departure as CEO came amid friction with Chief Technology Officer Vishal Sikka, a Plattner protégé who last year took over software development from Snabe.
 The site was lagging behind in attracting mobile traffic before Zillow bought the company and the goal is to change that, said Susan Daimler, who took over as general manager of StreetEasy after previously serving as general manager of Zillow New York.
 The raise was Gorman’s first since he took over as CEO for John Mack, 69, at the beginning of 2010.
 The system was revamped after design head Jony Ive took over from former software chief Scott Forstall in 2012.
 Kerry is traveling to Kiev today to offer support to the new regime that took over after President Viktor Yanukovych fled.
 The raise was Gorman’s first since he took over as CEO for John Mack, 69, at the beginning of 2010.
 White wrote in “Comeback: The Fall and Rise of the American Automobile Industry” No Trophy Ford bought the Detroit Lions of the National Football League in November 1963 and took over in 1964; the team never became champions on his watch and posted only 14 winning seasons.
 Two years later, directors ousted Jacques Nasser as CEO and Bill took over.
 Maryland hired Optum as a consultant in December, and they took over last month as the lead contractor for the state exchange, according to Sharfstein.
 The bank’s share price has risen 80 percent and return on equity has climbed to 172 percent from 134 percent since Brown took over from Tom Boardman in 2010.
 “We estimate to improve the operating result and the net profit further, in line with the plan” Greco, who took over as CEO in 2011, is selling assets and focusing on the company’s main business to strengthen finances and boost profitability.
 Bennett, who took over as CEO after Enrique Salem’s ouster in July 2012, has presided over slowing sales growth as a record PC slump curbs spending on Symantec’s antivirus software, which is often bundled with new computers.
 A disposal of SFR, which Vivendi fully took over from Vodafone Group Plc in 2011, would be the culmination of a strategic shift to focus on media assets including Canal+ and Universal Music.
 Qatari Ties Qatar, where Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani took over as emir from his father last June, is home to Yusuf al-Qaradawi, the Egyptian-born cleric widely viewed as the Brotherhood’s spiritual leader.
 The measure, which shows how much cash is left over from sales once operating costs and capital spending have been paid, has only been positive in one year since Joyce took over in November 2008, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Aviva has climbed 28 percent since Wilson took over.
 Policy makers are stepping up efforts to shore up the ruble as investor demand for Russian assets dries up after President Vladimir Putin’s military forces took over parts of neighboring Ukraine.
 “The process to date has not yielded any opportunities viewed by the board as reasonably likely to provide greater realizable value” MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC, a New York-based private-equity firm co-founded by Patterson, took over Gleacher’s board in May and fired Hughes.
 The lessons from Japan Display include the importance of INCJ having control and the ability to install a new chief executive officer such as Shuichi Otsuka, who took over two years ago.
 Bankers at Morgan Stanley came up with the idea for the company to sell shares to the public -- a step that normally would trigger large capital-gains tax bills for property owners and limited partners -- through what became the UPREIT: a new umbrella partnership, called Taubman Realty Group LP, that took over Taubman’s ownership stake in shopping centers, including the Mall at Short Hills in New Jersey and Beverly Center in Los Angeles.
 Moura, who took over last year after having worked at Deere & Co.
 Swedish’s Focus Swedish, who took over at WellPoint in March 2013, had announced the sale of 1-800 Contacts and Glassescom on Jan.
 A disposal of SFR, which Paris-based Vivendi fully took over from Vodafone Group Plc in 2011, would be the culmination of a shift to focus on media assets including Canal+ and Universal Music under Vincent Bollore, who will become chairman later this year.
 John Chen, who took over as chief executive officer in November, is working to eliminate a third of the company’s workforce and signed a deal with Foxconn Technology Group to outsource some of its handset production, distribution and design.
 The 50-50 joint venture formed in 2011 took over the US.
 Siemens Chief Executive Officer Joe Kaeser, who took over in August after a series of missed profit goals, is trying to boost the company’s business in emerging markets.
 Valeant’s shares have jumped almost tenfold to more than $140 in New York when he took over six years ago as investors have warmed to his acquisition-fueled pledge.
 White wrote in “Comeback: The Fall and Rise of the American Automobile Industry” No Trophy Ford bought the Detroit Lions of the National Football League in November 1963 and took over in 1964; the team never became champions on his watch and posted only 14 winning seasons.
 Two years later, directors ousted Jacques Nasser as CEO and Bill took over.
 “I intend to accelerate our global expansion,” Potdevin, who took over for Christine Day in January, said today on his first post-earnings conference call with analysts.
 Irish-born Joyce, 47, took over as CEO in the midst of the global financial crisis in November 2008.
 Hiro took over the ground lease from Mobil Corp, predecessor of oil company Exxon Mobil Corp, in 1987, a period when Japanese investors were active buyers of New York real estate, acquiring properties such as Rockefeller Center.
 When Son took over SoftBank from Vodafone Group Plc in April 2006, he had a plan to reinvent Japan’s struggling third-ranked carrier.
 “We exceeded our organization’s capabilities by trying to do too much too soon,” said the CEO, who took over last year.
 Mackenzie, who said in an August interview he intended for BHP to be “one of the leaders in the shale gas and oil business,” took over as CEO after the company spent $20 billion on US.
 The controversy marks a major test of Carney’s leadership after he took over the BOE less than a year ago and began overhauling its monetary policy, communications regime and structure.
 Under Chief Executive Officer Arnold Donald, who took over in July, Carnival has introduced a $25 million marketing campaign and made investments in ship safety and entertainment.
 Aviva has climbed 28 percent since Wilson took over.
 SAP bought Sybase in 2010 for more than six times its value when Chen took over in 1998.
 “The Saudis underestimated their apprehension” Qatar, where Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, 33, took over from his father last year, has pursued higher-profile initiatives and flaunted its independence from the Saudis.
 Mary Jo White, a former prosecutor, took over the SEC in April, pledging to make enforcement a priority for her tenure.
 Bonnafe, who took over BNP’s top job at the end of 2011 after overseeing acquisitions in Italy, Belgium and Luxembourg, has bolstered capital levels faster than Societe Generale SA and Deutsche Bank AG to adjust to stricter rules and benefit from Europe’s nascent recovery.
 It’s the biggest shakeup of Novartis since Chief Executive Officer Joe Jimenez took over in February 2010.
 “This was so critical we talked with virtually everyone” The swap of assets was the biggest shakeup of Novartis since Jimenez took over in February 2010.
 NAMA took over the debt and sold it to an affiliate of Stephen Ross’s Related Cos.
 Cote created two new vice president positions earlier this month, in acquisitions and software, as part of the biggest management changes since he took over 12 years ago.
 And he has not said unequivocally that he is not” Sharpton said he hasn’t spoken with Silver, who took over for Commissioner David Stern on Feb.
 Both took over from long-term CEOs who personified each country’s top carrier -- and left their successors with plenty of challenges.
 Succeeding Bernabe Patuano took over from Franco Bernabe, who ran the company for about six years as the shares fell more than 70 percent.
 They have risen 39 percent since Patuano took over, giving the company a market value of $224 billion.
 After a new CEO took over in 2012, PDG again withheld the information, a step that Guerra said contributed to the stock’s 44 percent plunge that year.
 The former White House press aide reports to Kevin Tsujihara, who took over as chief executive officer of Warner Bros.
 Mary Jo White Defies Political Meddling in First Year at SEC Mary Jo White took over the Securities and Exchange Commission with a back-to-basics plan to toughen enforcement and clear a backlog of regulations aimed at the last financial crisis.
 “It is now clear that the economy is on the mend as exports and industrial production are rising while the yield on our bonds is 50 percent lower than it was when I took over,” Bratusek said before the party vote.
 Conan O’Brien took over as host of the “Tonight Show” in 2009 and lasted less than a year before Leno was reinstated.
 “This will be the last tax extenders bill the committee takes up as long as I am the chairman,” said Wyden, who took over the panel earlier this year after Max Baucus became US.
 Going Mobile Huston, 48, took over as CEO on Jan.
 The separatists who took over buildings in eastern Ukrainian cities say they’re not subject to the Geneva accord.
 The OJK took over the regulation of lenders from Bank Indonesia at the start of this year.
 “The Tonight Show” remains the ratings leader and has averaged 521 million viewers a night since Fallon took over in February, according to Nielsen data posted at TVbythenumberscom.
 Chief Executive Officer Carlos Tavares, who took over a month ago, is also working to reduce costs while focusing on more profitable models.
 Manchester United said April 22 that it had parted company with David Moyes, who took over as manager from Alex Ferguson last year.
 Fallon, 39, took over “The Tonight Show” from Jay Leno earlier this year.
 After Schiller raised the idea of getting a new agency, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook, who took over after Jobs died in October 2011, responded: “If we need to do this, we should get going” In another e-mail displayed for the jury, Schiller, who was on the witness stand for a second day, was discussing with Vincent a Wall Street Journal article from January 2013 titled “Has Apple Lost its Cool to Samsung?” Samsung’s campaign, including some ads that ran before last year, mocked loyal iPhone users for waiting in line to buy new models and Apple for touting features that were already available in other smartphones including Samsung’s Galaxy.
 Fielding took over from Gene Kahn, who Apollo installed at the time of its $31 billion buyout seven years ago and oversaw its European expansion.
 Stock Bonuses King and Bommensath took over as co-CEOs of corporate and investment banking last May after the departure of Rich Ricci, one of the last remaining members of former CEO Robert Diamond’s management team.
 He was named to oversee fixed income in 2002 and later took over trading for the Americas.
 Loeb also disputes Sotheby officials’ claims he told colleagues in the finance world that he planned to sell Sotheby’s real estate and make other changes after he took over the auction house.
 Oberweis, who took over the asset management firm from his father in 2001, has skirted much of the rout in Chinese equities by picking stocks that would largely be unaffected by the economic slowdown.
 “Operations are performing exceptionally well” Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani, who took over from Cynthia Carroll a year ago, is trimming costs, simplifying operations and reshuffling teams as Anglo targets increasing return on capital to 15 percent by 2016.
 Under these conditions, gas plants have lost profitability” Verbund has retrenched since Anzengruber, 58, took over in May 2010.
 ‘Extraordinary’ Features “We are very pleased with the customer features of the aircraft,” Kreeger, who took over as CEO 14 months ago, said of the Dreamliner.
 Crimeans later voted in favor of joining Russia, and separatists in other parts of eastern Ukraine took over official buildings.
 The executive took over as CEO two decades ago when the airline had less than a dozen planes and lost money.
 The FCA took over market regulation from the dissolved Financial Services Authority a year ago after it was criticized for failing to target a high-profile banker or trader.
 Chen is working to revive profitability and sales growth at the company since he took over in November.
 “We acquired a lot of wealth-management outlets over recent years all over Western Canada, so we wanted to meet our clients there” National Bank made its first energy loan in Calgary in 1984, and a year later took over Mercantile Bank of Canada, which accelerated plans to expand in Ontario and Western Canada.
 Craig Drummond, a former head of Australian operations at Bank of America Corp’s Merrill Lynch unit, was named chief financial officer in November; Gavin Slater began leading the retail-banking unit in April 2013, while Andrew Hagger took over its wealth-management unit at the same time.
 “The question people are starting to ask, reasonably, is will she ever be seen as anyone but the CEO who was in charge of a GM saddled with problems and fatalities, even though the company she took over at the time was really about the best it’s ever been” Karl Brauer, a senior analyst at car information company Kelley Blue Book, said in an interview.
 We worked way too hard to earn a reputation as the best, and we are not going to let this slide” The communication from Borris came four years after GM began remaking its corporate culture and six months before Barra took over.
 They have risen about 37 percent since Patuano took over in October, giving the company a market value of 162 billion euros ($225 billion).
 Since the Glazer family -- Americans who also own the National Football League’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers -- took over in 2005, United has set up commercial offices in London and Hong Kong.
 Soon after Soriot took over, the company announced it was reversing the charge and would once again study olaparib in relation to the BRCA mutation.
 The forecast for the fastest fall in earnings since 2011 emphasizes the challenges facing new Managing Director Alison Watkins, who took over March 3 and says the company faces low growth and competitive markets.
 The PRA took over UK.
 Aldar, which took over a smaller rival in June, will start sales of three residential developments in Abu Dhabi valued at a total of 5 billion dirhams ($136 billion).
 Jenkins, who took over as CEO after the bank was fined for rigging benchmark interest rates, is also trying to overhaul a culture that veered into arrogance and greed, according to a review commissioned by the bank.
 Jon Nicolaisen, who took over as deputy governor at Norges Bank last week, said in an interview there’s no plan to change policy on the krone, and that he doesn’t view it as being significantly riskier than other currencies.
 “China took over as the No.
 The FCA took over market regulation from the now defunct Financial Services Authority a year ago, and has since opened probes into competition in the UK’s finance industry.
 Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser this year, in January made the company’s first profit warning since 2004, partly on unprofitable operations in the Americas.
 Chief Executive Officer Carlos Tavares, who took over a month ago, is also working to reduce costs and streamline product offerings to focus on more profitable models.
 The separatists who took over buildings in eastern Ukrainian cities have said they’re not bound by the Geneva agreement.
 Last year marked a turning point for Toyoda, 57, who took over as president five years ago after Toyota’s first annual loss in almost six decades.
 The results fell short of analysts’ estimates by the most since Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, 58, took over at the start of 2006, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Timotheus Hoettges, who took over as Bonn-based Deutsche Telekom’s chief executive officer this year, has staked out a plan to extend the carrier’s network, already stretching from Germany to Greece, as he bets on an economic recovery.
 Weil, who took over in 2010, has struggled to stem defections even as he has expanded Janus’s fixed-income team and created another to focus on multi-asset investing.
 Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, made the company’s first profit warning since 2004 partly on unprofitable operations in the Americas.
 India took over last year as the US’s biggest source of shrimp.
 Sloan became CFO in February 2011 when he took over from Howard Atkins.
 Clarke took over March 31 after 17 years at food and drink companies including Coca-Cola and Kraft.
 McEwan, who took over in October, is trying to revive earnings by combining divisions, shrinking the investment bank and cutting jobs.
 Craig Drummond, a former head of Australian operations at Bank of America’s Merrill Lynch unit, was named chief financial officer in November; Gavin Slater began leading the retail banking unit in April 2013 while Andrew Hagger took over its wealth management unit at the same time.
 Conservative Approach Clyne, a former management consultant, embraced a conservative approach when he took over as CEO in the depths of the global financial crisis.
 Mortgage Market “Cameron took over as CEO during the global financial crisis and developed an effective strategy to steer the bank through a challenging period,” NAB Chairman Michael Chaney said in the statement.
 Shares of Shunfeng have surged to more than HK$9 in recent trading, giving the company a market value of HK$193 billion ($249 billion), from 30 Hong Kong cents a share in November 2012, when Zheng took over.
 Corporate private-equity deals remain rare in the Southeast Asian country of 60 million, which has set out to modernize and regulate its economy since President Thein Sein took over in 2011.
 We want to assist” Separatist Rejection Pro-Russian forces, who took over buildings in eastern Ukrainian cities, have said they are not bound by the Geneva deal.
 France should become “one of the biggest environmental powers in Europe,” she said in Paris on April 2 at a ceremony when she took over from Philippe Martin.
 Sahai took over from Douglas Peterson, who became chief executive officer Nov.
 of Dubai took over leadership of Kerzner International Holdings, the hotel operator that built Atlantis resorts in the Gulf emirate and the Bahamas.
 Broader retail-sales gains have slowed amid anti-extravagance and anti-corruption campaigns started by Xi Jinping after he took over as head of the ruling Communist Party in November 2012.
 Breakup Story Chazen is embracing a breakup to turn around an 18 percent decline in Occidental stock that began when he took over the top post in May 2011.
 Kaeser, who took over as CEO last year, has said Siemens will select projects more carefully.
 Fresh Blood Ramatlhodi took over the mines portfolio from Susan Shabangu, appointed by President Jacob Zuma in 2009.
 “The NBA showed that there’s an awful lot to be said for an insider” Adam Silver was David Stern’s hand-picked successor when he officially took over as commissioner of the National Basketball Association in February.
 Suttles, who took over almost a year ago, also is selling assets to rebalance the company’s portfolio in favor of higher-priced oil and gas liquids.
 The firm took over GE’s partnership agreements with eight operating partners.
 Owning HighMount has been a costly episode for Chief Executive Officer James Tisch, who took over Loews in 1998 and has reshaped the business his father and uncle built.
 “It gives everyone else hope” Atletico Madrid is controlled by Miguel Angel Gil, who took over as chief executive officer for his late father.
 Limited Access The Kiev government, which took over after Kremlin-backed President Viktor Yanukovych was toppled by protesters in February, opposes tomorrow’s secession referendums.
 Since Sokalsky, 57, took over in June 2012, Toronto-based Barrick has shed more than a quarter of its mines, raised $3 billion in a share sale and slashed its spending plans, while wrestling with a falling gold price.
 In the longer term, Barrick’s strategy will be guided by John Thornton, who took over as Barrick chairman last month when founder Peter Munk retired.
 Losing Value Barrick’s shares, which have declined 60 percent since Sokalsky took over as CEO, fell 4 percent to C$1730 at the close in Toronto.
 took over the nation’s rail network last year after the government dismantled the Ministry of Railways to battle graft and bureaucracy.
 Hansell, 43, took over at NetJets in 2011 after predecessor David Sokol resigned from Berkshire.
 New leaders bring different approaches” Carsten Spohr took over as Lufthansa’s chief executiveofficer on May 1, succeeding Christoph Franz, who sold UKcarrier BMI, wound up the Jade Cargo International Co.
 When Hirai took over as CEO in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 The CEO, who took over in January of last year, must make more progress on his shift to mobile applications in order to lure long-term investors, said Michael Corbett of Perritt Capital.
 They had risen 31 percent this year through yesterday and gained about 44 percent since Patuano took over in October.
 The government in Kiev, which took over after the pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was toppled by protesters in February, opposes the referendums that separatist leaders plan to hold in eastern Ukraine.
 Graham Weston, who co-founded the company in 1998, took over as chief executive officer in February, when Lanham Napier retired.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- When Jeb Hensarling took over the congressional panel that spawned the Dodd-Frank Act, he vowed to roll back the landmark Wall Street law and eliminate government programs that backstop private markets.
 He took over the mines portfolio from Susan Shabangu, who was appointed to the position by President Jacob Zuma in 2009.
 When Hirai took over as CEO in 2012, he said the pillars of his revival strategy were mobile devices, games and imaging products.
 A military junta took over the government last week, the nation’s 12th coup since 1932, after seven months of political unrest that’s taken a toll on the economy, which shrank 06 percent last quarter.
 SAP’s stock has climbed 67 percent since the duo took over in early 2010.
 Card took over at SNC in 2012 and is reshaping the company after a corruption scandal involving his predecessor that led to a fraud inquiry and investor lawsuits.
 Julius is leaving a role he took over from Frank Slevin four years ago and will be starting a team that will offer investment-banking services to commercial-banking customers, one of the people said.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Ericsson AB, seeking to expand in mobile-device chips, named Robert Puskaric head of the wireless-modem business it took over when its joint venture with STMicroelectronics NV was dissolved last year.
 When Lawler, 47, took over in June, Chesapeake’s situation was dire.
 Mexico’s Finance Ministry’s Asset Transfer and Administration Service took over supervision of that firm in February.
 The company expanded this year by adding two hydroelectric power plants in India and last year took over oilfield operations in northern Iraq and crude oil and gas deposits in the UK.
 Istanbul-based Ciner Group bought Show TV and Aks Televizyon for $402 million, while Turkish businessman Ethem Sancak took over a newspaper and the Skyturk 360 TV station for $62 million.
 Barclays Plc took over the lease after Lehman filed for bankruptcy in 2008, and its agreement expires in January 2016, according to information compiled by Bloomberg.
 Combes, who took over last year, is focusing on innovation to turn around the company after years of losses following the 2006 merger of Alcatel SA and Lucent Technologies Inc.
 Janet Yeung took over as general counsel when Goldstein left in early 2012.
 The 51-year-old took over as CEO in January.
 Watt, who took over in January as head of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, will announce in a speech today a series of steps intended to stimulate lending.
 He rose to the rank of president and then took over for Gates as CEO in 2000.
 Under Chief Executive Officer Erez Vigodman, who took over the world’s largest maker of generic drugs on Feb.
 The ban in Turkey this year, involving postings about allegations of a presidential candidate’s corruption, was the first government blockade since Gadde took over as lead counsel from Alexander Macgillivray.
 “So we still have rights and freedom under the constitution to fight and hold demonstrations against this dictatorial government” Prayuth and other top generals appear to be trying to avoid a full intervention after the military’s last foray into politics failed in 2006, when a junta led by the chiefs of the army, navy, air force, police and the supreme commander tore up the constitution and took over the country.
 Jenkins took over after Robert Diamond left in the wake of the Libor fine.
May 2 (Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Lufthansa AG Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr, who took over yesterday, will assume direct responsibility for development of the group’s route network and the strategy of individual airline brands.
 After Lee took over Suwon-based Samsung Electronics in 1987, he built it into the world’s largest maker of smartphones, televisions and memory chips, becoming South Korea’s richest man in the process.
 Since he took over as CEO in 2012, Rabe sayshe has steered Bertelsmann on a new course.
 War Prisoner After the war, Reinhard Mohn, a great-great-grandson of thefounder, took over.
 The 203-year-old company, which has sold or shut units since Hiesinger took over in 2011, said in November it would raise capital by offering stock after finding a buyer for an unprofitable US.
 Referendum On The Kiev government, which took over after pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was toppled by protesters in February, opposes the referendums on secession.
 Jaiprakash Unit Birla, whose net worth is $88 billion according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, took over as chairman of the $40 billion Aditya Birla group in 1995.
 The pipeline is the product of a strategy announced last year to turn the company around, Pascal Soriot, who took over as chief executive officer in 2012, said in the statement.
 The families took over land this month at Hippo Valley Estates Ltd.
 Ross McEwan, who took over as chief executive officer in October, is setting up an internal bad bank, combining divisions and scaling back the investment bank after the lender reported its biggest annual loss since the financial crisis in 2013.
 When Hirai took over as CEO in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 “Roxanne is very active, very engaged” Mulligan said Austin had already served as a mentor of sorts before he took over for Gregg Steinhafel, who resigned as chairman and CEO on May 5.
 Mark Thompson took over as chief executive officer of the company in 2012.
 While Serco businesses include London’s Docklands Light Railway, Northern Rail and the Merseyrail commuter franchise, Soames -- who took over after Britain’s biggest government outsourcing provider was barred from some contracts after overcharging for electronic tagging -- said its experience from the NorthLink ferry service is more relevant to the sleeper.
 The club’s finances make its progress on the field under coach Diego Simeone all the more remarkable, according to Jose Luis Sanchez, president of Senales de Humo, or Smoke Signals, a fan group which has sought to have Gil removed as owner of the team he took over from his father.
 Statoil took over operations of the eastern part of the joint venture in July 2013, the companies announced last year.
 “Trying toinvest for future growth while delivering better efficiency willbe key” The asset management business, where pretax profit rose 12percent to 576 million francs in 2013, has been under reviewsince Ulrich Koerner took over the unit this year.
 Jenkins, who took over after Diamond’s exit, has since pledged to rebuild Barclays’s relations with regulators and politicians.
 Putnam Turnaround He took over Putnam when it was hemorrhaging assets, with $44 billion in mutual-fund withdrawals from 2006 through 2008, according to data compiled by Chicago-based researcher Morningstar Inc, which excludes money funds, funds of funds and exchange-traded products.
 Acting leader Niwattumrong, who took over last week, has said that calls for an appointed government are illegal and could spur further violence.
 “To become predictable and stable is the aim,” Chief Executive Officer Anders Runevad, who took over from Ditlev Engel in September, said in a phone interview today.
 The overhaul is Jenkins’s second since he took over as CEO in August 2012 after the bank’s record fine for manipulating the London interbank offered rate.
 Graham Weston, who co-founded the company in 1998, took over as chief executive officer in February, when Lanham Napier retired.
 Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr, who took over last week, must complete the company’s most ambitious efficiency program designed to lift operating profit to 265 billion euros by the end of next year, while drafting a strategy to fend off low-cost competitors in Europe and Middle East carriers.
 Since the Glazer family -- Americans who also own the National Football League’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers -- took over in 2005, United has set up commercial offices in London and Hong Kong.
 A group of armed activists took over a police building in Horlivka, according to Ukrainska Pravda.
 “An improved relationship between the center and the state can make a major difference to project implementation” Veerappa Moily, who took over as India’s environment minister at the end of last year, approved $24 billion of projects in his first month in office to undo a logjam of clearances.
 Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer has been building up Yahoo’s video offerings to woo audiences and advertisers and help drive a turnaround at the company she took over in 2012.
 ITV has been reducing its dependence on advertising by investing in content creation and by acquiring production assets under CEO Crozier, the former head of Royal Mail Group Plc who took over in 2010.
 They have tripled since Combes took over in April last year.
 The government in Kiev, which took over after pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was toppled by protesters in February, opposes the referendums.
 In 2011, Greenhalgh was part of a three-man leadership team at Charterhouse, a private-equity firm, for several months before Lionel Giacomotto took over as sole-head following complaints among employees about the management structure.
 The question of a potential exit does not arise” TUI has gained 44 percent since Joussen took over in February 2013, versus a 26 percent advance for the six-member Bloomberg Europe 500 Travel & Leisure Index.
 “Pfizer took over Pharmacia a few years ago and then gave rather strong assurances that they would invest in research in Sweden,” the finance minister told reporters.
 Johnson, who took over as CEO in 2003, earned $105 million last year.
 Watt, an appointee of President Obama, took over in January from Edward Demarco, who became acting director in 2009 after serving as No.
 “It’s an embarrassing situation for him” Jackson, whose resume includes a record 11 titles as a coach, in March took over as the chief basketball decision maker for the Knicks after they missed the playoffs this season.
 The overhaul is Jenkins’s second since he took over as CEO in August 2012 after the bank’s record fine for manipulating the London interbank offered rate.
 Vermut, his father Stephan and Ron Suber took over the company in January 2013 and brought with them $20 million in funding from Sequoia Capital.
 ‘Positive Signs’ “This is a solid start to the year,” said Quinn, who took over as chief financial officer in April, leaving the same position at Swiss Re.
 Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr, who took over on May 1, is grappling with the challenge posed by carriers such as Dubai-based Emirates, whose hubs are stripping traffic away from traditional European bases.
 Another group took over an ammunition plant in Luhansk, Ostrov newswire reported, citing regional police.
 “I am really at the tail end of our restructure programs,” Chen, who took over in November, said on a conference call today.
 The first allegations of new misconduct since Jenkins was named chief executive officer of the London-based bank in August 2012 mark a setback in his efforts to break with the past and sent shares plunging the most since he took over.
 McGee, a former executive at Bank of America Corp, took over Hartford in 2009 and repaid a $34 billion US.
 Decker took over the top spot at the Rye Brook, New York-based company in March.
 “The exchange ratio seems to be somewhat more favorable for shareholders of TUI AG than for those of TUI Travel” The deal would remove the biggest obstacle in TUI AG’s corporate structure 1 1/2 years after Friedrich Joussen took over as chief executive officer.
 The stock has doubled since Ornskov took over, in part on speculation the company would be acquired.
 He took over as CEO in July 2009 after serving as chief operating officer.
 He also took over a small driller and renamed it Magnum Hunter -- he’d kept the rights to the name in the Cimarex sale.
 He took over as CEO in July 2009 after serving as chief operating officer.
 “Unify has to change to remain competitive,” Chief Executive Officer Dean Douglas, who took over Jan.
June 3 (Bloomberg) -- Godwin Emefiele took over today as governor of the central bank in Nigeria, seeking to ward off pressure to devalue the currency of Africa’s largest economy and keep inflation under control.
 The government took over the companies when they were deemed worthless during the financial crisis in 2008.
 Tom Kennedy, who took over as Hertz’s chief financial officer in December from Elyse Douglas, is leading that process.
 The metals producer is reviewing global assets to shore up earnings after Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani took over last year amid cost overruns and delays at Minas-Rio.
 Koerner, who took over the asset management division this year, is aiming to boost annual pretax profit to 1 billion Swiss francs ($11 billion) in the medium term from 576 million francs last year by strengthening investment performance and increasing collaboration with UBS’s wealth management businesses with invested assets of $198 trillion globally.
 Guy Laurence, who took over as CEO in December, said he’s more focused on creating long-term value and boosting revenue than reversing the trend of trailing subscriber growth in the next few quarters.
 Watt took over the job of director in January and has been focusing on easing credit.
 Spohr, who took over as CEO on May 1, will outline his strategy for Europe’s second-largest airline on July 10.
 Australand was a financial investment for CapitaLand, which shifted its focus to Singapore and China after Chief Executive Officer Lim Ming Yan took over in January 2013, DMG’s Goh said.
 Priceline Acquisitions The OpenTable deal is the first big move for Huston, who took over in January with a challenging task: continue to fuel growth after his predecessor Jeffery Boyd, who stayed as chairman, generated a 100-fold stock surge in 11 years.
 He said his own role is “to be determined” Huseby joined the bookseller in 2012 as chief financial officer after working in the cable industry and took over as CEO in January.
 Thai stocks have outpaced regional peers since May 22, when the army took over power for the 12th time since 1932 amid escalating tensions between opposition politicians and former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra’s party.
 The house sold for $140,000 in March, and the buyer took over the lease with the same rates.
 Since Patuano took over as CEO, Telecom Italia shares have jumped about 50 percent, helped by asset sales to reduce debt.
 That’s up from 16 percent of assets and 26 percent of fees in the quarter when he took over in September 2011.
 The former North Carolina congressman, who has said he wants to use the companies to ensure liquidity in the housing market, suspended planned fee increases after he took over the agency in January.
 “Market access is job one,” said McQueen, who took over as energy minister last year after serving as environment minister.
 When Herrmann took over at Munich’s TU in 1995, the greatest foreign contingent was from neighboring Austria.
 Lewis will be the second Zurich executive to join RSA since former Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc CEO Stephen Hester took over in February.
 Cantor Defeat Having opposed the export bank’s reauthorization in 2012 when he was chairman of the House Republican conference, Hensarling was given a more direct role last year when he took over the financial services committee, which oversees the agency.
 “If there has been wrongdoing we will address it quickly and decisively” Jenkins, who took over as CEO in 2012 after the firm was fined for rigging benchmark interest rates, is trying to overhaul a culture that veered into arrogance, greed and ethical ambiguity, according to a company-commissioned study.
 The 68-year-old, who took over as president in 2001, has said he wants to give up his position to a successor suited for global business.
 “If we really want to encourage a securitization market as an alternative form of financing, and bring additional credit into the system, then it’s also about the incentives for other investors, non-bank investors” Byres, previously an executive general manager of the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, took over as the Basel group’s secretary general in early 2012.
 She took over from Charles Gibson on the show in 2010, and had previously co-anchored the “CBS Morning News” and held several positions in President Richard Nixon’s administration.
 Mitsubishi Heavy took over construction management of Taiwan’s bullet train project in 2002 after the country overturned an earlier agreement with French and German firms following an earthquake in 1999.
 Patuano, who took over from Franco Bernabe as CEO in October, has sold assets including a stake in Telecom Argentina SA as he seeks to revive Telecom Italia’s sales.
 Thailand’s military administration, which took over in a May 22 coup, promised to step up infrastructure development and increase investment in areas adjacent to the nation’s borders.
 AbbVie took over the company’s brand name drugs, including Humira, while Abbott kept the original company’s medical devices, nutritional products, diagnostic tests and generic medicines.
 Robert Willumstad lasted only months, and Edward Liddy, who took over with the bailout, was replaced by Benmosche the next year.
 “Benmosche stepped into the crucible when he took over at AIG,” said David Havens, a managing director and credit analyst at Los Angeles-based investment bank Imperial Capital LLC.
 The bank’s dollar reserves rose to $865 billion at the end of last month, from $782 billion at the end of June 2013, when Flug took over.
 and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc after the agency took over two corporate credit unions.
 Earlier this year, she took over Zarkhin’s role as he left for hedge fund Millennium Management LLC, and the group continued making proprietary trades.
 Joly, who took over as CEO in September 2012, has been reducing expenses and renovating stores to include new spaces for vendors such as Samsung Electronics Co.
 The first allegations of new misconduct since Jenkins was named chief executive officer in August 2012 mark a setback in his efforts to break with the past and sent shares plunging the most since he took over.
 Laurent Potdevin, who took over as Lululemon’s CEO in January, said in March that he wants to accelerate the retailer’s international expansion plans.
 The 56-year-old CEO, who took over in May 2013, declined to comment on whether he expected AbbVie to raise its price further or take its offer directly to shareholders in a hostile bid.
 Ornskov and his management team dramatically transformed Shire since he took over as CEO, and the company will outperform other drugmakers as a result, he said on the call with analysts.
 “We see, obviously, a strong need to look at getting our product to tidewater within Canada,” as well as through the Keystone XL pipeline, said Rickford, who took over the natural-resources portfolio from Oliver in March.
 Stock Buyers Thai stocks have outgained regional peers since May 22, when the army took over, as firms including BBL Asset Management Co.
 The FHFA, which Watt took over in January, monitors member activity at each bank.
 He later managed the Mali’s team and took over as coach of the Super Eagles in 2012, leading them to victory in the Africa Cup of Nations, held in South Africa, last year.
 Chief Executive Officer Joseph Sullivan, who took over last year, is seeking to improve the company’s balance sheet and reverse more than five years of net redemptions.
 The investigations in Shanxi are part of President Xi Jinping’s crackdown on corruption that started after he took over as Communist Party chief in November 2012.
 Scotiabank Chief Executive Officer Brian Porter, who took over as head of the Toronto-based bank in November, has been seeking to expand in credit cards as he renews focus on Latin America, with emphasis on Chile, Peru, Mexico and Colombia.
 Chief Executive Officer Julian Roberts, 57, has been selling assets to pay down debt since he took over during the financial crisis of 2008.
 since 1999, took over Mahdavian’s responsibilities about two weeks ago.
 Mendillo, who took over as head of the fund a few months before the September 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 “The share sale subscription required a medium-long term strategy because it was dilutive and onerous” Moody’s Upgrade Moody’s raised its rating on Monte Paschi to B1 from B2 on June 26, saying the fully underwritten rights offer has strengthened the bank’s capital buffer against “very poor asset quality and net losses expected for 2014 and potentially also 2015” Viola and Profumo, who took over two years ago, are cutting costs, selling assets and curbing risk under a plan to return to profit by 2015.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Vincent Bollore, the Vivendi SA investor who took over as chairman today, said he’ll oversee the company’s transformation into a media business and seek cooperation among its TV and music units.
 Ben van Beurden became Shell’s top executive this year, succeeding Peter Voser who took over from Jeroen van der Veer in 2009.
 I would have expected stronger interest in equities, which may come through in the second half” Since Slendebroek took over from Edward Bonham Carter as CEO in March, he has overseen the sale of the firm’s private-client business to Rathbone Brothers Plc, the expansion of teams in Germany and Hong Kong and the repayment of 11 million pounds for a bank loan.
 When Pat Gelsinger took over as chief executive officer of Palo Alto, California-based VMware in September 2012, he asked for detailed data on the makeup of the workforce, Sutter said.
 Charging More Facebook’s performance last quarter was spurred by brands and marketers paying higher prices for better-quality promotions, said Chief Financial Officer David Wehner, who took over June 1 from predecessor David Ebersman.
 “They’re working to drive engagement, they’re working to drive sales” Similar Strength Facebook’s performance was spurred by brands and marketers paying higher prices for better-quality promotions, said Chief Financial Officer David Wehner, who took over June 1 from predecessor David Ebersman.
 New Director Gorman took over Salamone’s seat on Westech’s board and appointed Craig Biddle to assume his director slot, according to court filings.
 He took over after the VA inspector general reported widespread mismanagement, including the falsification of records to hide the long waits veterans faced for medical appointments, leading to former Secretary Eric Shinseki’s resignation.
 When he took over in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 Chief Executive Officer Ben van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, is accelerating asset sales and reviewing spending plans to win investor support.
 Saudi Arabia, home to Al Rajhi Bank, the world’s biggest publicly traded Islamic lender, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait have provided almost $156 billion of aid to support Egypt’s government, which took over after the military removed Islamists from power last year, according to an estimate by Cairo-based EFG-Hermes Holding SAE.
 Fernandez Verdes, who’s also chief executive of Hochtief and took over Leighton’s top jobs in boardroom shuffles this year, is cutting capital spending and considering the sale of its property and services businesses and the John Holland unit that built Australia’s parliament.
 Anglo is reviewing its operations worldwide, including the strike-hit assets in South Africa, to increase earnings after Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani took over last year amid cost overruns and delays in developing projects.
 ABB Chief Executive Officer Ulrich Spiesshofer, who took over last year, has pledged to return the Power Systems unit to profitability after ruling out an exit from the loss-making business.
 The latest sign is the Ocean BlackRhino, one of Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc’s most expensive new ships, which steamed out of the shipyard this year and took over an existing contract instead of starting a new job for the Houston-based company.
 “The recent transaction restructuring the company’s ownership has received widespread market support” Kotick, who took over as Activision’s CEO in 1991, allegedly threatened to quit last year if directors made a deal over the Vivendi stake without his group, according to court filings.
 went back on a pledge to keep open a plant in the west of England when it took over candy maker Cadbury Plc.
 Sullivan, who took over in 2013 as shares were more than 80 percent below their pre-crisis peak, said in March he’s seeking to acquire new investment units and improve performance.
 Nadella, who took over from Steve Ballmer in February, is retooling the company’s structure as it seeks to compete with nimbler rivals offering mobile and Internet-based software and services.
 Extract Concessions Ramatlhodi took over from Susan Shabangu as mineral resources minister in May, after the African National Congress extended its two-decade rule in elections that month.
 Choi’s Plan Choi, who took over his position this month, is seeking to boost returns from idle cash and spur spending as a rising won hurts exports in Asia’s fourth-largest economy.
 They won’t know untilthey turn the machine on how the products will be” New CEO Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields, 53, who took over July1 when Alan Mulally, 68, retired, said yesterday that the F-150and Ford’s other new-model introductions are on track and willboost earnings next year.
 Anglo American is reviewing its operations around the world to increase earnings after Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani took over last year amid cost overruns and delays in developing projects.
 He has this much going for him: Even before a stock-price surge this week, the company had produced a 114 percent return for investors since he took over as chief executive officer in 2008, more than Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc’s 90 percent.
 Mario Longhi, who took over as chief executive officer of US.
 Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra, who took over in January, has been making the case that the automaker’s corporate culture regarding safety has changed.
 The government’s dollar-denominated notes have gained 45 percent since rebels took over swaths of northern Iraq on June 11, stoking concern that crude production will be hurt and pushing Brent oil prices over $115 for the first time since September.
 The effort gained momentum last year when Republican Jeb Hensarling of Texas took over the Financial Services Committee, which controls legislation tied to the bank and said it should lapse.
 The company took over management of electronic prisoner-tagging after the Ministry of Justice suspended contracts with outsourcing rivals Serco Group Plc and G4S Plc due to overcharging.
 Tesco is seeking to strengthen its leadership after the departure of six directors since Clarke took over as CEO in March 2011.
 Since Mulligan took over, he hired a top data-security executive, replaced the retailer’s Canadian chief and moved the company’s entire leadership team to the 26th floor of its headquarters to allow faster decisions and more clarity.
 Cornell took over as chief executive of PepsiCo Americas Foods in March 2012, running the company’s largest division with $25 billion in revenue from selling brands including Frito-Lay and Quaker, according to PepsiCo’s website.
 Yahoo’s nine-year part-ownership of Alibaba has given Mayer breathing space to turn around Yahoo, with the stock more than doubling since she took over the Sunnyvale, California-based company in July 2012.
 He took over the briefing-room podium when Robert Gibbs resigned as press secretary in February 2011.
 “Banks in need of a bailout will be left bankrupt” The state deposit guarantee agency took over Bank Mutiara after the bailout, and now is seeking to sell it.
 ‘Have Fun’ Greenberg took over Bear Stearns in 1978, handed power to Jimmy Cayne in 1993 and remained chairman of the executive committee until 2008, when a run on the company led to its purchase by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Tom Prickett, formerly a senior trader in the Sterling swaps business, took over Ferry’s earlier duties, Marchiony said.
 “Our market is no place for half-measures,” Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr, who took over May 1, said at a briefing near Frankfurt.
 Previously aviation director at TUI Travel Plc, Mueller took over as CEO in October 2009.
 Statoil, based in Stavanger, Norway, last year took over operations of the eastern part of the joint venture, which produces 27,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day, according to its 2013 annual report.
 Chia-Liang Lian took over Duda’s role at Western Asset, said Mary Athridge, a spokeswoman for Baltimore-based Legg Mason.
 “The bank’s improving fundamentals and internal capital generation bode well for the commencement of its planned equity privatization next year” Chief Executive Officer David Duffy, 52, who took over in 2011 after AIB received a 21 billion-euro bailout amid western Europe’s worst real estate collapse, said today the bank may be ready for a stake sale next year.
 Earlier this year, Citigroup lost four debt traders including David Cohen, who took over investment-grade bond trading when Balkan switched to distressed debt in the shakeup, people familiar with the departures said at the time.
 Yucaipa, based in Los Angeles, took over about 150 of the markets and a facility in Riverside, California, where the company produces Fresh & Easy meals in a deal that saved about 4,000 jobs.
 The pound had the most so-called net longs of any G-10 currency from April until this month, when the Australian dollar took over.
 Mistry, who took over as the group’s chairman in December 2012, is seeking new avenues of growth as economic expansion near a decade low hampers recovery at Tata Motors Ltd, India’s No.
 has a joint venture with Starbucks Corp, while Tesco Plc, the UK’s largest supermarket company, announced an equal joint venture in December with Trent Hypermarket Ltd, a Tata unit that runs “Star Bazaar” The group has also forged two airline pacts, with AirAsia Bhd and Singapore Airlines Ltd, to operate a budget and a full service carrier, since Mistry took over.
 The House Energy and Commerce Committee is asking for copies of correspondence between Grain Management LLC and the Federal Communications Commission going back to the day Tom Wheeler took over as chairman of the agency last year.
 The broadcaster is reducing its dependence on advertising by investing in content and by acquiring production assets under Chief Executive Officer Adam Crozier, the former head of Royal Mail who took over in 2010.
 Penn West Chief Executive Officer Dave Roberts, who took over in June 2013, is seeking to execute a turnaround plan he announced in November that included asset sales and dividend and job cuts.
 Gregory Josefowicz took over Moran’s role as board chairman.
 David Cush, a former American Airlines global sales manager, took over as Virgin America’s chief executive officer in December 2007, four months after the carrier began flights.
 CP All, the brothers’ most valuable holding, has gained 86 percent since May 22, when the Thai army took over power for the 12th time since 1932 amid escalating tensions between opposition politicians and former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra’s party.
 Cost Restructuring Mario Longhi, who took over as chief executive officer of US.
 “Factors affecting earnings in the commercial maintenance business, alongside exchange-rate effects and the deferral of orders, also included the ramp-up of the GE90 maintenance” for engines powering Boeing’s twin-aisle 777 planes, MTU Chief Executive Officer Reiner Winkler, who took over at the start of the year, said in the statement.
 They won’t know until they turn the machine on how the products will be” New CEO Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields, 53, who took over July 1 when Alan Mulally, 68, retired, said yesterday that the F-150 and Ford’s other new-model introductions are on track and will boost earnings next year.
 He took over as chairman to finish transforming the company, which has sold telecommunications and video-game assets for more than $30 billion, into an integrated media group around Canal Plus, record company Universal Music Group Inc.
 He took over last year as CEO and presided over the doubling of shares as he cut jobs, boosted prices for long-term care coverage, sold a wealth-management operation and divested a stake in an Australia unit.
 Cornell took over as chief executive of PepsiCo Americas Foods in March 2012, running the company’s largest division with $25 billion in revenue from selling brands including Frito-Lay and Quaker, according to PepsiCo’s website.
 Since Mulligan took over as interim CEO at Target, he hired a top data-security executive and moved the company’s entire leadership team to the 26th floor of its headquarters in Minneapolis, allowing for faster decisions and more clarity, he said in a memo to employees.
 Accenture Plc, which took over building the site that failed at its introduction this past October, is expected to be paid $175 million as of June, an $84 million increase from the estimate in January when it signed a contract.
 “I think it was a guy making a movie about Wall Street or something” A “huge country,” he said, needs “big banks” Greenberg took over New York-based Bear Stearns in 1978, when it was a private partnership with about 1,000 employees and $46 million in capital.
 When Slade became head of international business, Greenberg took over arbitrage.
 Yahoo’s nine-year part-ownership of Alibaba has given Mayer breathing space to turn around Yahoo, with the stock more than doubling since she took over the Sunnyvale, California-based company in July 2012.
 Chief Executive Officer Ross McEwan, 57, who took over from Stephen Hester in October, has set up an internal bad bank, combining divisions and scaling back the investment bank as he strives to shore up earnings after last year reporting the biggest annual loss since 2008.
 In February, Poland took over 515 percent of privately-managed pension funds’ assets to lower public debt.
 In Niger, Hollande will visit the 101 Airbase, where 300 French military personnel command surveillance flights over the Sahel, the southern rim of the Sahara under threat from the al-Qaeda affiliate that almost took over Mali.
 The 53-year-old, who took over from Robert Diamond in August 2012 after the bank was fined for rigging the London interbank offered rate, is seeking to curb Barclays’s reliance on the investment banking operation his predecessor built.
July 3 (Bloomberg) -- Investors who bet on Alan Mulally when he took over as Ford Motor Co’s chief executive officer in September 2006 beat the market during his tenure, which ended this week as the reins were handed to Mark Fields.
 Dean Baquet, who took over for Abramson, is trying to find a way to better negotiate the paper’s business interests as digital initiatives continue to encroach deeper into editorial terrain.
 Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr, who took over on May 1, is set to unveil his strategy tomorrow.
 “Petrobras is being much stricter in awarding cost increases since Graca took over,” Machado said in a telephone interview from Rio de Janeiro, referring to Petrobras Chief Executive Officer Maria das Gracas Foster, whose nickname is Graca.
 In 2011, billionaire Zygmunt Solorz-Zak took over Polish mobile-phone company Polkomtel for 181 billion zloty and later merged it with his media group Cyfrowy Polsat SA.
 Troops also took over the village of Zakotnoe near Slovyansk in the Donetsk region, Yuriy Stets, a spokesman for the National Guard, said on Facebook.
 Antony Jenkins took over after the Libor scandal cost Chief Executive Officer Robert Diamond his job, promising to overhaul the bank’s culture and committing to values of integrity and respect.
 executive who took over as CEO of Cliffs in February, has cut capital expenditures, halted the Wabush iron mine in Newfoundland and Labrador, and delayed an expansion at Bloom Lake in Quebec.
 Fetting stepped down as CEO amid pressure from Peltz, and five months later Sullivan took over.
 Also working with Darroch will be Sky Italia chief Andrea Zappia, 50, an Italian who took over in 2011 and previously held various jobs at BSkyB and Sky Italia.
 The move, announced via the state-run Xinhua News Agency, represents a tightening grip on power by President Xi Jinping, who took over the Communist Party in the leadership change-over that saw Zhou, 71, retire, and consolidated control over the military and a panel on economic reforms.
 The arrival of Kaeser and the bet that he can tackle the sprawling 85 billion-euro company has helped boost shares of Siemens 16 percent since he took over.
 Chief Executive Officer Ross McEwan, 57, who took over in October, has set up an internal bad bank, combining divisions and scaling back its RBS Securities arm as he strives to shore up earnings after the lender last year reported its biggest annual loss since 2008.
 software chief Ray Ozzie, and in April 2013 took over the chairmanship on an interim basis from Ray Lane, a long-time Silicon Valley executive who still sits on the board.
 Mercer took over as co-CEOs in January 2010 when founder James Simons retired and became non-executive chairman.
 Bankruptcy Judge Dennis Montali in disputes over profits made winding up matters they took over when Howrey LLP went out of business and into bankruptcy.
 After the tragedy, this is not a local conflict” Yatsenyuk, who took over as premier after a popular uprising ousted former President Viktor Yanukovych in February, said Russia must “withdraw agents” from Ukraine, condemn “terrorists” and restore control over the two nation’s common border to win a cease-fire after months of separatist violence.
 Canada’s benchmark 10-year government bonds yielded 222 percent at the end of last week, the lowest since Poloz took over the Bank of Canada last June.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Canada generated the most profit of companies in Canada’s benchmark Standard & Poor’s/TSX Composite Index since Chief Executive Officer Gordon Nixon took over in August 2001.
 Royal Bank had C$8959 billion of assets as of April 30, up from C$335 billion when Nixon took over.
 Liberty took over Virgin Media Inc.
 Zhou was a member of the party’s most powerful Politburo Standing Committee until November 2012, when Xi took over as party chief.
 “We are taking firm actions to improve Shell’s capital efficiency by selling selected assets and making tougher project decisions” Van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, is accelerating asset disposals and reviewing spending plans to win investor support.
 (SOL), the world’s largest producer of motor fuel from coal, De Ruyter took over as Nampak CEO at the beginning of March.
 Work Flexibility “Spartanburg can compete with any German plant in terms of quality and efficiency now,” said Manfred Erlacher, who took over as factory chief in November after relocating from BMW’s plant in Leipzig, Germany.
 Hagedorn, who merged his family’s Miracle-Gro into Scotts in 1995 and took over as CEO in 2001, has often used spicy language, such as this, from a Feb.
 When he took over in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 The forecast is a blow to Chief Executive Officer Shaygan Kheradpir, who took over in January and a month later unveiled a restructuring plan under pressure from activist investors.
 Investment banking was helped after markets stabilized in the second quarter, said Van Coller, who took over the unit in 2010 and manages more than 2,500 staff in South Africa and 10 other countries on the continent.
 Antony Jenkins, who took over as CEO from Bob Diamond in 2012, said Barclays will place more focus on the continent as one of the British bank’s less capital-intensive businesses.
 Oxford-educated Jenkins, a former consumer banker, took over the top job in August 2012 after the scandal over the rigging of the London interbank offered rate cost his predecessor Robert Diamond, a former investment banker, his job.
 Greco, who took over as CEO in 2012, has cut costs and sold non-strategic assets to focus on the insurer’s main business, strengthen finances and bolster profitability.
 Chief Executive Officer Guy Laurence, who took over in December, announced an effort two months ago to create long-term value by cutting costs and improving service in the face of mounting customer dissatisfaction.
 AREA Property Partners, since acquired by Ares, took over the Embarcadero office from Morgan Stanley upon the default of a mezzanine loan and brought in USAA as co-owner, according to Real Capital.
 Flug has matched her predecessor Stanley Fischer’s appetite for surprising the markets since she took over last year, and economists said her next move may be to deploy new tools.
 Prosecutors started the current probe after Ackermann, who took over as CEO in May 2002, and Breuer denied -- as part of the civil suits brought by Kirch -- that the bank tried to get restructuring business from his struggling media group.
 “We have catching up to do over the summer” Carsten Spohr, who took over as chief executive officer in May, six weeks into the job cut the target for operating profit amid competition from low-cost carriers and as airlines from the Persian Gulf add capacity with their wide-body fleets.
 The Islamic State extremists, who have captured oil fields in Iraq and seized energy deposits in Syria, took over the towns of Turkman Bareh and Ikhtren, the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said today on its Facebook page.
 Gross’s Low Duration fund is ahead of 44 percent, and the Unconstrained Bond Fund, which Gross took over last year, is doing better than 43 percent of comparable funds, Morningstar data show.
 Anders Runevad, who took over as chief executive officer on Sept.
 With golf participation skidding in parts of the US, the resort took over the Kiawah Island Triathlon last year after a local group was no longer able to stage the race.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Aldar Properties PJSC, the developer that took over Sorouh Real Estate Co.
 He replaces Jim Kirsch, who started as chairman in July 2013, and Gary Halverson, who took over as CEO in February.
 Northam, where Paul Dunne took over as chief executive officer from Glyn Lewis in March, will consider buying mines and assets of other producers in South Africa and elsewhere to reach its 1 million-ounce production target, it said.
 “I bought a pistol,” said Haque, 31, who said he took over the business after his brother was robbed of 500,000 rupees ($8,200) and shot to death in April by a customer and motorcycle-riding accomplices who had staked out his daily route to the nearest State Bank of India branch.
 PATH has been a financial millstone around the Port Authority’s neck since it took over the bankrupt Hudson & Manhattan railroad in a 1962 trade between New Jersey Governor Richard Hughes and New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller.
 Chief Executive Officer Craig Meller, who took over on Jan.
 1, he added the company’s first board member based abroad when former Royal Dutch Shell Plc executive Lisa Davis took over the energy business.
 Loyalty Praised IBM’s shares rose ninefold from when when Gerstner took over through the announcement in 2002 that Palmisano would be the new chief executive.
 Failed Acquisitions Rio Tinto CEO Sam Walsh, who took over last year after his predecessor Tom Albanese made $14 billion in writedowns on failed acquisitions, has slashed costs and sold assets.
 Parks Role A Disney veteran of almost 25 years, Staggs took over the parks division after serving for more than a decade as CFO.
 Chairman Steve Marshall took over the running of Balfour on an interim basis.
 In a letter to Nadella that was posted on Microsoft’s website yesterday, Ballmer wrote that he would “support and encourage boldness by management in my role as a shareholder in any way I can” Nadella thanked Ballmer, who took over for Gates as CEO in 2000, for his years at the company, saying that the former CEO created an “incredible foundation that we continue to build on” Brendan Barnicle, an analyst at Pacific Crest Securities LLC, said Ballmer’s exit from the board creates room for Nadella to put more of his stamp on Microsoft.
 Under Chief Executive Officer Andrew Wilson, who took over last year, the company’s shares have jumped about 30 percent.
 Hester, who took over from Simon Lee who quit in December amid an accounting scandal involving the company’s Irish business, plans to resume dividend payments in the full year.
 Terra Firma bought Awas from Morgan Stanley in 2006 for $25 billion and later merged it with Pegasus Aviation Finance Co, which it took over for $52 billion in 2007.
 Gavin Isaacs, who took over at Scientific Games in June, will find himself on familiar grounds.
 The firm was created in 2009 when Burgess, a former Morgan Stanley investment banker, and three other investors took over the Community Bank of Manatee, ultimately acquiring other lenders in the state.
 Chairman Steve Marshall took over the running of Balfour on an interim basis.
 in New York, more than double the price when Benmosche took over.
 “The Pirker case changed the environment and the lawyers took over,” he said.
 Two months before he took over as chairman of the company in June, Vivendi agreed to sell SFR -- France’s second-largest phone company -- to Altice SA’s Numericable Group for more than 17 billion euros.
 Low-Calorie Drinks Sydney-based Coca-Cola Amatil will offer more low and no-calorie drinks in future as a result of a strategic review announced after Watkins took over its top job.
 Terra Firma bought Awas from Morgan Stanley in 2006 for $25 billion and later merged it with Pegasus Aviation Finance Co, which it took over for $52 billion in 2007.
 Benintende, a Ford veteran appointed to run the regional operation this year, is formulating an Africa growth strategy for Mark Fields, who took over as chief executive officer July 1 after Alan Mulally retired.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Some banks may stop using Libor as a benchmark for interest rates on loans because of new licensing fees being charged by Intercontinental Exchange Inc, which this year took over administering the measure, according to the American Bankers Association.
 The stock more than tripled in Stockholm trading since he took over.
 Armenians took over Nagorno-Karabakh and seven surrounding districts from Azerbaijan in a war after the Soviet breakup in 1991.
 Low interest rates and tougher regulations have also squeezed margins at Intesa in the 10 months since Messina, 52, took over as CEO.
 Those efforts, which continued under Sheikh Tamim after he took over from his father in 2013, triggered backlashes.
 The firm was created in 2009 when Burgess, a former Morgan Stanley investment banker, and three other investors took over the Community Bank of Manatee, ultimately acquiring other lenders in the state.
 Since Xi took over China’s Communist Party in 2012, government agencies have unveiled investigations into prominent targets such as the country’s former security chief, a popular television host and Glaxo’s former China head, Mark Reilly.
 Shell Chief Executive Officer Ben Van Beurden, who took over from Peter Voser at the start of the year, is accelerating disposals to win investor support.
 Since Xi took over China’s Communist Party in 2012, government agencies have unveiled investigations into prominent targets such as the country’s former security chief, a popular television host and Glaxo’s former China head, Mark Reilly.
 Islamic State fighters took over the village of Wana, south of the Mosul dam, Hisham al-Brefkani, a member of the provincial council of Nineveh, said yesterday.
 Sanchez, who took over the company in the 1980s after his father died -- a loss that came just months after the passing of his wife -- distributes several generic spinoffs, including a cholesterol-lowering Lipitor knockoff and an immunosuppressant that prevents the rejection of transplanted organs.
 The uneven results illustrate the challenges Whitman still faces in turning around the technology giant, even after moving to rev up growth with new products and cutting jobs to trim costs since she took over as CEO in September 2011.
 “I think that the Pirker case changed the environment and the lawyers took over,” he said.
 Housing Crash Blake took over as CEO from Robert Nardelli, who had been criticized as receiving excessive pay during a period when the company’s stock had fallen and it lost market share to Lowe’s Cos.
 He took over for Jan Fields, who had struggled to turn around McDonald’s home market.
 Planned Sale Aydin took over the top job at the bank in 2011 from another state lender, Turkiye Halk Bankasi AS.
 In 1994, Deborah Wright, now chairman and chief executive officer of Carver Bancorp Inc, took over as commissioner of the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development.
 Last year it took over oilfield operations in Iraq and oil and gas deposits in the UK.
 Kaeser, who took over as CEO last year, has acknowledged that Siemens was slow to make the most of the boom in extracting shale gas from hydraulic fracturing.
 After the collapse, home prices halved, the government took over the domestic banking system, and the state needed a three-year international bailout in 2010.
 Jenkins, 53, who took over as chief executive officer after Robert Diamond left in the wake of the Libor-rigging scandal, has tried to restore investor and regulators’ confidence in the lender.
 Chadwick, who took over the defense unit in December, is seeking to trim about $2 billion from spending in addition to the $4 billion in savings already in hand.
 It was a worse-than-expected first-quarter earnings report, released about a month after Eilam officially took over, that unnerved investors and triggered the selloff from mid-April to mid-May that marked its worst rout in almost two years.
 Blake, who took over in2007, will remain chairman of the board.
 Revenue Decline Syneron, whose chairman and co-founder Shimon Eckhouse took over as chief executive officer for 10 months last year amid sagging profits, has failed to withstand a broader selloff in small-cap stocks because it has yet to prove it can sell UltraShape in the US, Newitter said.
 Stewart, 45, took over the equities business in October 2011 after UBS recorded a $23 billion loss from unauthorized trading.
 “It was pricey, there was bad service because there were not enough staff in the stores, the stores looked tired and dirty, and often they didn’t have what customers were looking for” When Clarke took over in 2011 from Leahy, the man credited with making Tesco a dominant force, the company’s management recognized they had cut costs too aggressively at the UK.
 Mandated to hold 60 percent in equity, 35 percent in bonds and 5 percent in real estate, it has almost tripled in size since Slyngstad took over on Jan.
 Redevelopment GVK and its partners took over running the Mumbai airport in 2006 as part of government plans to modernize India’s transportation networks.
 Finance Minister Choi Kyung Hwan has announced an 117 trillion won ($112 billion) stimulus package, eased mortgage lending controls and outlined plans to give tax breaks to companies that boost dividends and investments since he took over in July.
 Lindqvist, a 16-year veteran of SSAB, took over as CEO in 2011 and has overseen the company through a challenging period in which the European steel market has been plagued by weak demand and overcapacity while a strong Swedish krona has dented profits and demand for Swedish exports.
 The stock has surged 44 percent since he took over in May 2013.
 1 took over technology innovations.
 CEO Strategy Aborting the transaction shows how Zachert, who took over in May, is imposing his strategy at the German company.
 It also took over Royal Philips Electronics NV’s television operation in 2012.
 Traffic volume has plunged by about 42 percent on the Indiana highway since ITR took over operations eight years ago, according to data on the website of Macquarie Atlas, the unit that owns ITR.
 Under Chief Executive Officer Arnold Donald, who took over from Micky Arison in July 2013, the company invested in marketing and safety technology, and repaired relationships with travel agents.
 Jenkins, 53, took over as CEO after Robert Diamond left in the wake of the Libor-rigging scandal.
 When Hirai took over as CEO in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 It took over three half-built propertiesfrom a Turkish developer that ran out of cash.
 Antony Jenkins, 53, who took over as chief executive officer in 2012 after Robert Diamond left in the wake of an interest-rate-rigging scandal, has tried to restore investors and regulators’ confidence in Barclays, vowing to overhaul its culture.
 When Hirai took over as CEO in 2012, he said Sony’s revival would be driven by games, imaging products and mobile devices.
 Barclays Chief Executive Officer Antony Jenkins took over after the Libor scandal cost Chief Executive Officer Robert Diamond his job, promising to overhaul the bank’s culture and committing to values of integrity and respect.
 ‘Skipping Employees’ After spending his first week at Sprint talking to employees, Claure, who took over Aug.
 Claure took over from Dan Hesse after Sprint, the third-biggest US.
 Burwell took over the Health and Human Services Department on June 5, replacing Kathleen Sebelius, the former Kansas governor who resigned after enrollment for the law’s first year concluded in April.
 “In the same way that Lego makes building things easy, this is a thing that makes constructing physical spaces in a virtual, software, coded environment very easy,” said Fullerton, who called Minecraft “timeless” The Mojang purchase would be the biggest deal for Microsoft since Satya Nadella took over as chief executive officer in February.
 Today’s decision is a victory for Leon Black’s Apollo, which took over the Waterford, New York-based company for $38 billion in 2006.
 Yahoo’s trailing 12-month Ebitda was about $18 billion in the period before Mayer took over and embarked upon a takeover spree, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Selling its remaining shares would create a large tax bill, which could be avoided if Alibaba took over Yahoo, shareholder Ironfire Capital LLC has suggested.
 Blake, who took over in 2007, will remain chairman of the board.
 Worst Results Trudeau took over as party leader in 2013 after the Liberals suffered the worst results in their history in the 2011 election.
 Huseby, a former cable executive who’s been with thecompany since March 2012, took over in January after plungingNook sales led to the departure of predecessor William LynchSince then, he’s scaled back spending on the digital businessand tapped Samsung Electronics Co.
 Cutting Costs Since Chen took over in November, he has sold real estate, outsourced manufacturing and worked to expand revenue from business services and the BBM instant messaging service.
 Castro has been traveling the country meeting with housing officials since he took over as head of the agency.
 Shunfeng shares were at 30 Hong Kong cents in November 2012, when Zheng took over.
 Prot moved to chairman as Jean-Laurent Bonnafe, an engineer by training, took over the top executive job.
 In the meantime, the bank has to continue to suffer the reputational damage these fines cause” Chief Executive Officer Antony Jenkins, 53, has been trying to restore investor and regulator confidence in the lender since he took over as chief executive officer in 2012.
 Leslie Caldwell, the prosecutor who led the government’s prosecution of Enron Corp, took over the Justice Department’s Criminal Division in June after a decade in private practice.
 “She went to a place where they didn’t have any past background in, and she’s built a very, very good presence where it represents a decent part of the company’s earnings” The leadership change comes less than 18 months after Javier Marin took over as CEO.
 Botin took over the UK.
 Jean-Cyril Spinetta, who took over afterward, gave a “very generous” package to pilots following a nine-day strike, said Derocles.
 executive who took over last year brought in a new leadership team and has outlined what he calls the “five pillars” of a turnaround, including boosting efficiency and repositioning its brand.
 A Thai investor group took over the club on Sept.
 “We are analyzing this draft law and monitoring itsprogress carefully,” Yuliana Slashcheva, who took over CTCMedia as Moscow-based chief executive officer in August lastyear, said via e-mail yesterday.
 Hoencamp took over the UK.
 Hampton took over as chairman of RBS in 2009 after the lender received the biggest bank bailout in history from British taxpayers.
 New Terminal GVK and its partners took over running the Mumbai airport in 2006 as part of government plans to modernize India’s transportation networks.
 A purchase of Mojang would be the biggest deal struck since Satya Nadella took over as Microsoft’s chief executive officer in February, succeeding Steve Ballmer.
 Buying Mojang would be the biggest deal struck since Satya Nadella took over as Microsoft’s chief executive officer in February, succeeding Steve Ballmer.
 Since April 2012, when Hirai took over, Sony shares have gained 14 percent, compared with a 73 percent jump for Panasonic.
 CSC Chief Executive Officer Mike Lawrie is trying to convince potential suitors that a turnaround at the company, which he took over in 2012, is halfway done, one of the people said.
 Yesterday’s decision removed an obstacle to the reorganization of the Waterford, New York-based company, which Leon Black’s Apollo took over for $38 billion in 2006.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Ericsson AB, the largest maker of wireless networks, will shut down a chip business it took over from a former venture with STMicroelectronics NV.
 Clark’s Tenure Clark took over SABMiller in April 2013 after Graham Mackay underwent treatment for a brain tumor.
 Krzanich, who took over the top job at Intel in May lastyear, is trying to replicate the success his company has had inpersonal computers in the tablet and smartphone markets.
 Canada’s dollar has weakened about 8 percent since Poloz took over from Carney in June 2013, in part because Poloz removed language about the potential need to raise interest rates.
 Since Roberts took over as chief justice in 2005, the high court’s five Republican-appointed justices have curbed affirmative action and struck down a key section of the Voting Rights Act.
 Since Wilson took over as chairman and chief executive officer in February 2012, the company’s shares have dropped by about half, trading at $567 on Sept.
 I don’t have to prove it” Buoyed by the Petrohawk triumph, Wilson and his partners put up $55 million and took over Tulsa, Oklahoma–based RAM Energy Resources Inc.
 Grant took over and started doing just that, much to Lincoln’s delight, and when Grant’s detractors started ripping him to the president for being a whiskey-swilling drunk, Lincoln asked what brand Grant drank so that he could send a barrel to all the other generals.
 Williams, who took over in February, said in July he sees demand for equipment continuing to rise in North American shale plays amid a boom in energy output.
 Hampton took over as chairman of RBS in 2009 as the bank was nationalized by the UK.
 Amcon was set up in 2010 to buy bad loans and took over three of the eight lenders it rescued as part of a 620 billion-naira ($38 billion) bailout.
 Lourenco Goncalves took over as chief executive officer in August and has said he intends to sell Cleveland-based Cliffs’s foreign mining assets and its US.
 The stock rose as much as 51 percent, touching its highest level since October, when Ross McEwan took over as chief executive officer, set up the bad bank and subsequently reported the Edinburgh-based lender’s biggest annual loss since 2008.
 McEwan, who took over from Stephen Hester, set up the RBS Capital Resolution arm to house toxic loans, led by Rory Cullinan.
 Blake, who took over in2007, will remain chairman of the board.
 JPMorgan’s $72 billion in legal and regulatory expenses a year ago caused the bank to report its only quarterly loss since Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon took over in 2006.
 Mather took over managing the Total Return Fund strategy with Mark Kiesel and Mihir Worah after Gross’s surprise departure.
 UBS then hired Andrea Orcel in July 2012 to co-head the unit with Kengeter, before Orcel took over as the sole head of the business later that year.
 Four years later, he took over Chrysler, ultimately spending only about 10 percent of the $36 billion Germany’s Daimler AG paid for the company in 1998.
 Marchionne acknowledges that he was new to the auto industry when he took over Fiat, but points out that he’s now the longest serving CEO of any major European automaker.
 Elkann, who took over management of the family’s holdings at age 28, says Marchionne has taught him to be flexible.
 “Good control of unit costs, increasing gain in market share, all add to better margins,” said Bezuidenhout, 39, who was briefly interim CEO of SAA before Monwabisi Kalawe took over last year.
 Yannick, Vincent’s son, took over as chief executive officer of Havas in January.
 Koerner, 51, who took over the asset management division this year, is seeking to boost annual pretax profit to 1 billion Swiss francs ($11 billion) in the medium term from 576 million francs last year.
 George Quinn, who joined from reinsurer Swiss Re Ltd, took over from Sharma as CFO on May 1.
 The joint venture Italia took over management of the Venice 1 fund with a plan to regenerate the area, according to a Feb.
 executive, who took over last year, brought in a new leadership team and has outlined what he calls the “five pillars” of a turnaround, including boosting efficiency and repositioning its brand.
 Painful Years Stubb, who took over as premier in June, says Finland is facing a “lost decade” with as many as four more painful years to come before the country reaches the gross domestic product achieved in 2008.
 The captain, who was 49 and had more than 12,000 hours, told investigators she believed the plane was too high for the landing and she took over because the co-pilot wasn’t reacting to her guidance.
 Bradesco said it had an impairment write-off of 598 million reais in the quarter related to its investment in Banco Espirito Santo SA, the lender Portugal’s central bank took over in August.
 Barra, who took over as the first female CEO of a major automaker in mid-January, is relying on investment in new models to meet 2016 profit goals.
 Beale, who took over as CEO of the world’s oldest insurance market in January, said many businesses are not yet alert to the risks of an attack on their computer systems or the need to buy coverage.
 Santander, which took over Zachodni in 2011 and later merged it with competitor Kredyt Bank SA, is cutting its stake to comply with the Polish financial supervisor’s requirements.
 The two-day slump was the worst since November 2008 and erased any gains since Rometty took over as CEO in 2012.
 Whitman has been introducing new products and cutting jobs to trim costs since she took over as CEO in September 2011, seeking to turn around the iconic Silicon Valley company.
 No Bureaucracy The TASE’s chief executive officer Yossi Beinart, who took over in January, is examining moving from the current Sunday-to-Thursday week to a Monday-to-Friday schedule to align itself with foreign investors and boost trading volumes.
 Duperreault’s firm last year took over the reinsurer that was established by billionaire Steven A.
 pharmaceutical sales have fallen 16 percent since 2009, when Connelly, 54, took over as head of North American pharmaceuticals.
 Jenkins, who took over from Robert Diamond in 2012, has struggled to overhaul the bank’s culture, vowing a commitment to integrity amid a series of fines.
 Nike, which took over the NFL clothing license in 2012 from Adidas AG’s Reebok unit, also suspended a contract with Adrian Peterson, an NFL running back who is charged with abusing his 4-year-old son.
 Old Boys Networks That may even help ThyssenKrupp Chief Executive Officer Heinrich Hiesinger, who took over in 2011, to push through his plans to change the company’s culture amid price-fixing and bribery scandals as well as a botched expansion in the Americas.
 “When I took over as CEO I didn’t realize how radical the necessary change process would be,” Hiesinger said at the company’s annual general meeting last year.
 De Juniac, who took over last year, had sought a more expansive low-cost subsidiary under the Transavia brand, riling employees concerned that a European unit based outside France would drive a wedge between established pilots and lower-paid colleagues domiciled abroad.
 Last year, the BOE’s Prudential Regulation Authority took over the role of monitoring banks and ran a capital review of the industry.
 “We’ll start to see an improvement on that in fiscal year 2016,” said Douglas, who has been sealing agreements with third-party partners to sell Circuit on Unify’s behalf and predicted “some nice traction from the indirect channel” Douglas took over from Hamid Akhavan as CEO on Jan.
 Domestic destinations that could be added include Liverpool in northwest England, Newquay in the southwest and Cardiff, Wales, said John Holland-Kaye, who took over as the airport’s chief executive officer in July.
 Healey took over the North American unit in 2009, the same year Lafley stepped down from his first term as CEO.
 Patuano, who took over a year ago, is seeking to focus on Telecom Italia’s home market and on Brazil, where it controls the country’s second-largest wireless carrier Tim Participacoes SA.
 Vishal Sikka, who took over on Aug.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Bill Gross, the former manager of the world’s largest bond fund who last month took over a new fund at Janus Capital Group Inc, said investors should say “bye-bye” to the days of double-digit returns.
 The 70-year-old Gross took over the Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund this week after leaving Pacific Investment Management Co.
 The shuffle is the most notable since 2011, shortly after Page took over as CEO.
 Neal Sample took over as head of AmEx’s enterprise growth business after the unit’s former president, Dan Schulman, left to become PayPal Inc’s president and CEO designee.
 “The market is the most competitive in 30 years,” Chief Executive Officer Mike Coupe, who took over from Justin King in July, said on a call with journalists, citing fiercer competition, more frequent shopping trips and smaller basket sizes.
 After shares tripled during his first three years as CEO, the stock is now back to where it was when he took over in 2010.
 Kottmann, a 30-year veteran of the chemical industry who took over as CEO in 2008, has overhauled the company to make it more profitable, with a focus on areas such as catalysts for the petrochemical industry, agrochemicals and ingredients for shampoos and moisturizers.
 Net income is set to jump to 404 million francs ($422 million) next year, compared with a loss the year Kottmann took over.
 “This should last multiple years in terms of a strong-dollar theme” Mather, 45, one of three managers who took over the Pimco Total Return Fund for Gross, said the dollar “starts from a very cheap point in valuation.
 “Meeting and exceeding financial goals is what will drive Teva’s stock for the remainder of the year and 2015” Under Chief Executive Officer Erez Vigodman, who took over the world’s largest maker of generic drugs in February, Teva is seeking to revive growth through deals and as much as $2 billion in cost cuts.
 1 took over Hanover-based Windwaerts Energie GmbH, which in February filed for insolvency after developing about 300 megawatts of renewable plants.
 “I’m talking about steel mills that will take big chunks of our production” Goncalves took over at Cliffs in August, the month after activist investor Casablanca Capital LLC won a proxy fight to change the company’s board.
 Baxter testified “there was no interest on our part to be bailing out counterparties” Little Leverage The New York Fed took over negotiations with the banks at the request of AIG and fully repaid them because it had little leverage to demand concessions, Baxter testified.
 The Fed took over efforts to improve functioning of the market in 2012 after the private-sector task force it sponsored disbanded.
 who took over almost three years ago, CSC trades at almost the same price as it did in 2006.
 Foreigners wouldn’t understand it” When Akimov took over Gazprombank in 2002, it was little more than a “piggy bank” for managers of the world’s largest gas producer, with less than $38 billion of assets, Simonyan said.
 It won’t be clear if separating the businesses will help prevent a repeat of the 2008 banking crisis that pushed Britain into its worst recession since World War II, “till we have another crisis,” said Flint, who took over as chairman of Europe’s largest bank in 2010.
 Spin Off Koren, who took over as OeVAG’s CEO in 2012, accelerated disposals.
 Esther and Alicia divorced their husbands and took over Conycon in 1990, merging it with Fomento de Obras & Construcciones two years later, the handbook said.
 “It expands their presence globally, with very little overlap” Card took over with a mission to clean up SNC’s reputation and improve profitability after a corruption investigation involving his predecessor.
 Harriman, who died in 1909, took over the Union Pacific Railroad and expanded his rail holdings to the point where he dominated the industry, much the same way John D.
 Birla, who took over as chairman of Aditya Birla Group in 1995, is seeking to boost revenue of the carbon black-to-cellular service conglomerate by 63 percent to $65 billion by 2015.
 A finance ministry spokesman said an IPO in the second half of 2015 is a “likely scenario” Chief Executive Officer Francesco Caio, who took over this year, is moving the company from traditional postal services to more profitable financial, insurance and mobile-phone offers, as well as digital payments.
 “The ore body’s 68 percent grade should allow cash costs to be as low as $30 a ton to $35 a ton, putting Minas-Rio firmly in the low-cost category of iron projects” Cost Overruns Anglo American is reviewing its operations around the world to increase earnings after Chief Executive Officer Mark Cutifani took over last year amid cost overruns and delays in developing projects.
 De Margerie started his career in Total’s finance department in 1974 and took over as CEO at the French company in February 2007, when that post was split from the chairman’s.
 The BOE, which took over UK.
 In the decade before she took over as chief executive officer, Hewlett-Packard spent almost three times as much on takeovers and related banker fees -- about $66 billion in all -- than it was left with in market value at its trough.
 When Whitman took over three years ago, she inherited a company plagued by slowing growth and management missteps, as well as issues stemming from Apotheker’s Autonomy purchase.
 CEO Change The deterioration in markets is providing a troubled start for Buechele, who took over as CEO in May.
 Rasulo, who ran the parks for eight years, has increased Disney’s dividends and stock repurchases, executed a cost-cutting initiative last year and recently took over supervision of Maker Studios, a creator of short-form videos for Youtubecom and other channels.
 executive, who took over last year, brought in a new leadership team and has outlined what he calls the “five pillars” of a turnaround, including boosting efficiency and repositioning its brand.
 31, liquidated hundreds of holdings as the deputies took over.
 Gazprom-Media is run by Mikhail Lesin, who was minister in charge of the media in 2000 when Gazprom took over independent channel NTV and its owner, billionaire Vladimir Gusinsky, fled into self-imposed exile after a brief imprisonment.
 It was that he missed most of a Jewish High Holiday prayer service that his daughter, Nehama, led in Florida shortly after he took over as AIG’s chief executive officer in 2009.
 Chief Executive Officer Ross McEwan, 57, who took over from Stephen Hester a year ago, has been cutting back investment-banking operations, focusing on domestic customers to reverse six straight annual losses.
 CEO Meg Whitman, who took over from Apotheker in September 2011, killed the possibility of spinning off PCs soon after arriving as she embarked on a five-year plan to revive the company.
 “The average age of a pickup truck is 11 years old,” Bob Hegbloom, who took over as Ram chief in August, said to reporters at Chrysler’s headquarters in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
 Chief Executive Officer Rajeev Suri, who took over in May after Nokia sold its mobile-phone business to Microsoft Corp.
 executive, who took over last year, brought in a new leadership team and has outlined what he calls the “five pillars” of a turnaround, including boosting efficiency and repositioning its brand.
 CBL’s chairman is Charles Lebovitz, a longtime real estate developer who was chief executive officer from the company’s initial public offering in 1993 until 2010 when his son Stephen took over as CEO.
 Acquiring Assets Canadian Pacific’s stock has almost tripled since Harrison took over, exceeding the 73 percent gain through yesterday for the sub-index of Canadian industrial stocks.
 Approvals for shoppers wanting to buy on credit at Edcon stores have fallen by about 50 percent since Barclays Plc’s South African unit took over the retailer’s book in 2012, while efforts to find a potential second provider of credit have been unsuccessful.
 “The market is the most competitive in 30 years,” Sainsbury Chief Executive Officer Mike Coupe, who took over from Justin King in July, said on a conference call, citing fiercer competition, more frequent shopping trips and smaller basket sizes.
 “I got it,” the captain said as she took over thecontrols four seconds before the plane made an unusual nose-downlanding instead of settling onto the main wheels beneath thewings, according to a transcript of the cockpit conversationmade public today by the National Transportation Safety Board.
 Vishal Sikka, who took over as chief executive officer on Aug.
 McEwan, 57, took over from Stephen Hester a year ago with a goal of focusing on domestic customers and reducing the balance sheet to reverse six straight years of annual losses.
 These changes are all part of a refocus on customer service and offering shoppers better value since Brian Cornell took over as chief executive officer in August, following the exit of Gregg Steinhafel.
 JPMorgan’s quarterly loss a year ago, caused by $72 billion in legal and regulatory expenses, was the sole deficit reported by the bank since Dimon took over in 2006.
 The grandson of the founder of champagne-maker Taittinger SA, de Margerie started his career in Total’s finance department in 1974 and took over as CEO in February 2007, when that post was split from the chairman’s.
 The bank, with $34 billion in assets, took over local supermarket branches from Citizens Financial Group Inc.
 The French retailer’s investors, which include billionaire Bernard Arnault, have been rewarded with a 57 percent gain in the share price since he took over.
 The CEO, who took over in May last year, said he will continue seeking deal opportunities to grow Shire and has no plans to split Shire’s rare diseases and neuroscience businesses.
 as well as 383 Madison Ave, a tower completed in 2001 as the headquarters of Bear Stearns Cos, which JPMorgan took over when it bought that firm in 2008, the person said.
 The stock decline wiped out any gains since Rometty took over.
 “There is no good reason ever” for pilots to disable tracking devices, as also occurred when terrorists took over flights on Sept.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- In the game-show era, long before reality TV took over, Americans used to watch Bob Barker tell contestants to “Come on Down!” and play “The Price Is Right” It made small-screen stars out of average folk competing for anything from Campbell’s soup to a brand new Buick.
 Richard Cousins, who revived Compass Group Plc following a series of profit warnings when he took over as chief executive officer almost a decade ago, and Mikael Ohlsson, who led Ikea for four years, will join on Nov.
 Some analysts say Bock could spur growth with acquisitions, though the CEO has shown little appetite for multi-billion dollar deals since he took over in May 2011.
 Last year, the company took over oil field operations in Iraq and energy deposits in the UK.
 A director who took over as CEO in September 2012, Kvisle plans to remain on the board, depending on the views of the new CEO, he said.
 Kaeser, who took over in August last year, is concentrating on the energy business as he seeks to catch up with the profitability of General Electric Co, which has agreed to buy France’s Alstom SA to expand its own energy offering.
 Last month, Starboard Value LP took over the company’s board and CEO Clarence Otis stepped down earlier than planned.
 As of yesterday, Westpac shares have risen 30 percent from when Kelly took over.
 Watt, a former Democratic congressman who took over the job at FHFA in January, probably will have to defend his proposal again this week when he testifies before the Senate Banking Committee.
 Hancock, 56, took over from Robert Benmosche at the start of September.
 Jean-Claude Juncker, the former Luxembourg prime minister who took over as European Commission president on Nov.
 “There is no conflict of interest” The “LuxLeaks” revelations drag Juncker back into his past less than two weeks after he took over the EU’s executive arm with plans to shore up the economy and stem the anti-European mood that has engulfed the bloc in the aftermath of the euro debt crisis.
 Mary Barra, who took over as chief executive officer in mid-January and faced Congressional scrutiny over GM’s handling of the issue, was held blameless.
 Barra, formerly GM’s product chief, took over Jan.
 Luciano, who joined ADM in 2011, took over as president from Woertz in February and oversees commercial and production activities of ADM’s corn, oilseeds and agricultural-services businesses, as well as research, project management and risk management.
 Dutch gross domestic product increased 11 percent in the third quarter compared to a year earlier, the nation’s statistics bureau said today, adding that the recovery remains “fragile” ABN Amro, the third-biggest lender in the Netherlands, was formed after the state took over the Dutch banking and insurance units of Fortis, which had joined a 719 billion-euro takeover of the former ABN Amro Holding NV with Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and Banco Santander SA in 2007.
 ‘Very Serene’ Juncker, Luxembourg’s prime minister for almost 19 years, took over as commission president on Nov.
 Bettel, who took over from Juncker as Luxembourg prime minister last year, earlier today said he was “of course not happy about the image that’s being circulated” about his country.
 Michel took over in 2010, conducting a “Big Chicken Chat tour” with workers around the country.
 He took over from D.
 Unilever hired Polman a year later and Nestle’s shares are up 38 percent since Bulcke officially took over.
 Investors are growing increasingly skeptical of MagicJack’s plan to transform itself from a voice-over-IP company to a provider of free mobile communication services, with shares now trading near a four-year low at $880, below the level when Chief Executive Officer Gerald Vento took over in January 2013.
 Marc Lichte then took over as design chief in February.
 It will be the first nationwide vote since Ewa Kopacz took over as premier.
 10 to succeed the retiring Dan Akerson as CEO and took over Jan.
 Boston Scientific shares have lost 40 percent since it took over the device-maker.
 Rometty, who took over in 2012, had been trying to transform IBM while adhering to the five-year profit forecast laid out by her predecessor, Sam Palmisano.
 The former CEO of electronics distributer Premier Farnell Plc -- who took over in July 2012 -- said she’d always planned to leave for “fresh challenges” once the turnaround was complete, without disclosing whether she has accepted a new post.
 During Green’s tenure, Thomas Cook shares climbed close to 190 pence, giving a market value of about 275 billion pounds ($43 billion), up from just 14 pence -- or 148 million pounds - - when she took over.
 Suri, who took over in May after Nokia sold its money-losing mobile-phone unit to Microsoft Corp.
 veteran, took over as chief investment officer, overseeing all active bond strategies, the following year.
 The ECB took over responsibility for supervising euro region banks yesterday.
 Chen took over the struggling smartphone maker last November.
 Forrest took over as Gorman’s doctor in February when she was rushed to the emergency room after vomiting blood while at work.
 When she took over from her father Emilio in September, Ana Botin, 54, previously head of Santander’s British operation, signaled that the bank faces a growing challenge from tougher competition and stricter regulation.
 It’s part of an overhaul of the Caisse, which lost C$40 billion on commercial paper and other investments a year before he took over in 2009.
 Harbinger Group is a onetime oil driller that Falcone’s hedge funds took over in 2009 and invests in companies from life insurance to pet supplies.
 Timothy Massad, who took over as chairman of Commodity Futures Trading Commission in June, told traders today that it’s unreasonable to expect identical derivatives regulations around the world.
 Suttles said he reassured employees in a meeting last week that the oil price decline is “annoying, but it’s not threatening” Suttles, 54, who took over Encana in June 2013, has cut head count by 25 percent and sold lower-margin gas properties to snap up drilling acreage that will still be profitable if prices drop to $50.
 Contract Talks Kirby is part of the former US Airways management team that took over American when the two airlines merged in December.
 You have no CEO in charge, and you don’t know where the company is heading” Share Slump Viehbacher, a German-Canadian dual national, took over France’s biggest drugmaker in December 2008.
 He took over as CEO in 2011 and continued the revamp by selling its television, DVD and multimedia units, a decade after former CEO Gerard Kleisterlee began shrinking the company.
 Before today, Philips’ shares had risen 64 percent since Van Houten took over as CEO, valuing the company at 223 billion euros and underperforming the local AEX-index, which has risen 15 percent in the same period.
 founder Steve Jobs’s life motto “stay hungry, stay foolish” tattooed on his upper arm, intended to bring about his own mini Wi-Fi revolution when he took over his family’s hotel business.
 Harbinger Group is a onetime oil driller that Falcone’s hedge funds took over in 2009 and invests in companies from life insurance to pet supplies.
 Even if we had a dozen left in the industry, that wouldn’t be a bad thing” Payday lenders such as Wonga Group Ltd, which charge high interest rates for small cash sums over shorter periods than banks, have faced increasing scrutiny from the UK’s financial regulator since it took over supervision in April.
 Two years ago, McKiernan’s unit took over the asset management and private clients business of Bloxham, the country’s oldest stockbroker, which collapsed in May 2012.
 The CEO, who took over in February, is cutting 18,000 jobs and lowering costs as it seeks to streamline operations.
 The ECB last month took over supervision of the region’s banks.
 In 1995, Wilbert Phillips-Mora, one of the world’s foremost experts on frosty pod, took over the cacao program at CATIE.
 executive who took over as chief executive officer of the world’s second-biggest wine company in March.
 Armenia took over Azerbaijan’s predominantly ethnic Armenian-populated region of Nagorno-Karabakh and seven adjacent districts in a war after the Soviet breakup in 1991.
 “That means meeting all capital requirements and, actually, always being the reference case” Draijer, a 48-year-old former consultant who had never worked at a bank, took over as chairman just before the European Central Bank’s asset quality review and stress test were published on Oct.
 Goncalves took over as CEO in August following the election of a new board nominated by Casablanca Capital LLC, an activist investor.
 Scotiabank’s job reductions are the deepest since Royal Bank of Canada slashed 1,660 positions in 2004, and surpasses Bank of Montreal’s 1,000 cuts after William Downe took over as chief executive officer in March 2007.
 “While difficult and not something we have typically done in the past, we are confident that the charges are necessary and will help drive medium and longer-term value creation for our shareholders,” Brian Porter, 56, who took over as CEO a year ago, said today in a conference call with investors.
 The ruling party has been embroiled in a succession fight with Lungu’s supporters clashing with Scott, who took over as interim leader of the party and the country after President Michael Sata died in London in October.
 Chief Executive Officer Rajeev Suri, who took over in May after Nokia sold the money-losing mobile-phone unit to Microsoft for about $75 billion, is expanding beyond wireless-network equipment, which now accounts for about 90 percent of the Espoo, Finland-based company’s sales.
 Gregory Hayes, chief financial officer for six years, took over from Louis Chenevert, 57, in a surprise move announced yesterday.
 Its shares have more than doubled since Combes took over as he’s made progress with a turnaround plan.
 The film was pulled from at least one theater in Bangkok after students taking inspiration from the film series were detained for flashing Katniss Everdeen’s three-fingered salute of defiance -- a gesture banned in Thailand shortly after the new leaders took over.
 Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, who took over the world’s largest retailer earlier this year, has been adding more small-format stores and trying to improve customer service to boost domestic revenue.
 Galant, who has already made two divestitures, has presided over a stock surge of more than 60 percent since he took over as CEO on Oct.
 Bettel, who took over from Juncker as Luxembourg prime minister last year, said his country is “in the process of disappearing from gray and black lists and enormous efforts are being put into working on the image” ‘Finger-Pointing’ “It’s not a coincidence that until now, no high-ranking foreign politician has spoken out against the Grand Duchy,” said Bettel.
 “Finger-pointing against one another is in my view not the right approach” Juncker, who was Luxembourg’s prime minister for almost 19 years and took over as commission president on Nov.
 The ECB took over supervision of Europe’s largest banks last month after discovering a total 25-billion-euro ($311 billion) capital gap during a yearlong balance sheet review and stress test.
 took over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and absorbed losses when some mortgage insurers were unable to honor their commitments.
 His Janus Global fund has declined 08 percent since Gross took over, beating 59 percent of its peers from Oct.
 Scheid took over as Janus’s CEO in 2004 as he set out to restore client confidence after the mutual fund scandal.
 Weil, 51, took over as CEO in February 2010 after about 15 years at Pimco, most recently running the unit that advises investors on valuation and risk management.
 ‘Smaller Number’ Bettel, who took over from Juncker as Luxembourg prime minister last year, said today this time “a smaller number of tax rulings” should be revealed and that he has no certainty yet what exactly will be published next week.
 Juncker, who was Luxembourg’s prime minister for almost 19 years and took over as European Commission president on Nov.
 Customer Complaints “We’ve been out listening to our customers, they’ve got a number of irritants, this was in the top three, and we set out to address it,” Guy Laurence, who took over as CEO of Rogers a year ago, said at an event last month to introduce the new feature.
 Chairman Steve Marshall took over the running of Balfour on an interim basis.
 This marks the first full quarter under Chief Executive Officer David McKay, who took over Aug.
 Thorburn, who took over from Cameron Clyne in August, has already sold almost a third of the bank’s US.
 Investigations like the group’s “would not be possible if these citizens fear prosecution and persecution for their part in uncovering injustice, corruption or wrongdoing” ‘Damaged Image’ Luxembourg’s Finance Ministry is pushing to set up oversight of tax rulings next month as Prime Minister Xavier Bettel, who took over from Juncker a year ago, promised that Luxembourg is doing all it can to clean up its “damaged image” The tax leaks have also cast a shadow over the first few weeks of Juncker’s tenure as head of the European Commission in Brussels.
 He took over as head of the EU’s executive arm on Nov.
 Foster has had her subordinates keep a low profile since she took over in 2012.
 Corbat took over as CEO in October of 2012 with a focus on controlling costs to boost profitability.
 Benmosche, who took over in 2009, finished repaying the rescue in 2012.
 Remember when towns across America had local businesses that sold stuff? You went to the furniture store for furniture, to the grocery store for groceries (and even further back in time, to the butcher for meats, the bakery for bread, etc), to the hardware store for hardware and to the book store for books? Then economies of scale took over and we got Wal-Marts and Sam’s Clubs and the little stores went away, and everyone was happy with the money they saved while simultaneously complaining about the loss of local culture.
 “This will enable us to focus our financial resources and management talent on the large and attractive European home improvement market” Laury took over as the retailer’s CEO this month, succeeding Ian Cheshire, who had been in charge for seven years.
 Loefven, a former welder who was raised by foster parents after his mother abandoned him at 10 months, took over as leader of the Social Democrats in 2012.
 He took over as head of the EU’s executive arm on Nov.
 analyst who reversed a five-year stance against Citigroup after Corbat took over and now recommends buying the shares.
 Avoiding Controversy Corbat, 54, a former Salomon Brothers managing director in derivatives who took over as CEO in 2012, has set his sights on avoiding controversy, painting a vision of old-fashioned commercial banking and grinding out results.
 The company is in the middle of a turnaround under Chief Executive Officer Mike Lawrie, who has cut costs and struck partnerships to increase earnings since he took over in 2012.
 Oxford-educated Jenkins took over the top job in August 2012 after the scandal over the rigging of the London interbank offered rate cost his predecessor Robert Diamond, a former investment banker, his job.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- After a flock of pigeons took over the top floor of Nyesha Bates’s brownstone in Brooklyn, she decided it was time to renovate the more than century-old building and attract paying tenants.
 Breton took over cybersecurity rival Bull this year and forecast Atos’s sales will grow about 5 percent in 2014, from 86 billion euros ($106 billion) last year.
 Andres, who started his career at McDonald’s more than 30 years ago, took over as president of McDonald’s USA in October.
 Chief Executive Officer Rajeev Suri, who took over in May, has cut jobs and is seeking to match investor expectations for profit gains as demand from phone carriers rises.
 Its shares have more than doubled since Combes took over last year.
 Blankfein was one of the four partners who took over for Winkelman, becoming co-head of J.
 Investor Confidence Schorsch, who controls an empire of real estate companies through his closely held firm AR Capital, was co-founder of ARCP and also its CEO until Kay took over under a planned succession in October.
 Nadella, who took over the software maker in February, has been working to streamline Microsoft by trimming some of former CEO Steve Ballmer’s initiatives and investments.
 Booker, who took over as CEO in June 2013 from Barry Tootell, said on Dec.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Hackers who took over Sony Pictures computers released the budget for “The Interview,” the Seth Rogen comedy about North Korea, adding to a breach that exposed salaries at Deloitte Touche and studio head Michael Lynton’s credit-card number.
 Darden has cut jobs, closed its private aviation department and revamped its leadership structure since investor Starboard Value took over the board in October.
(Corrects year Francois-Henri Pinault took over Kering in 12th paragraph) (Bloomberg) -- The hottest trend at France’s second-biggest luxury group this season: Executive departures as the owner tightens the reins.
 took over the world’s largest metals bourse in 2012.
 In what the company said was a first for a network anchor, “Facecast: The One Thing” will be hosted by David Muir, who took over the evening newscast from Diane Sawyer in September.
 Santander Chairman Ana Botin has appointed new managers since she took over from her father Emilio in September.
 Diess, who joined Munich-based BMW in 1996 from auto-parts supplier Robert Bosch GmbH, took over as development chief in April 2012 after previously overseeing purchasing.
 The expanded distribution will help Sony Pictures, based in Culver City, California, deflect criticism that it gave in to hackers who took over its computers.
 Bayard Gontijo, who took over as Oi’s CEO in October and is also chief financial officer and director of investor relations, said in an interview this week that Oi isn’t in a rush to push for consolidation.
 He took over as CEO in 2011 and continued the revamp by selling its television, DVD and multimedia units, a decade after former CEO Gerard Kleisterlee began shrinking the company.
 Before today, Philips’ shares had risen 64 percent since Van Houten took over as CEO, valuing the company at 223 billion euros and underperforming the local AEX-index, which has risen 15 percent in the same period.
 A coalition of Fine Gael and Labour took over after what Prime Minister Enda Kenny described as a democratic revolution.
 Walter Kwok took over leadership when their father died in 1990.
 Since Inge Thulin took over as chief executive officer in 2012, 3M has emphasized international growth and has boosted spending on research and development.
 The quarter was the first with Mark Hurd and Safra Catz as chief executive officers, after they took over from founder Larry Ellison three months ago.
 Schorsch, who controls an empire of real estate companies through his closely held firm AR Capital, co-founded ARCP and was its CEO until Kay took over under a planned succession in October.
 for 33 percent less than what it was worth when he took over as chief executive officer, and shareholders are relieved.
 Fetting stepped down as CEO amid pressure from Peltz, and Joseph Sullivan took over.
 The ruling party has been embroiled in a succession fight with Lungu’s supporters clashing with Scott, who took over as interim leader of the party and the country after President Michael Sata died in London in October.
 The PRA took over UK.
 Chief Executive Officer Manny Roman has been expanding through acquisitions since he took over in February 2013.
 Schorsch, who controls an empire of real estate companies through his closely held firm AR Capital, co-founded ARCP and was its CEO until Kay took over under a planned succession in October.
 Walter took over as chairman after his father’s death until he was forced out in 2008 on the grounds of mental illness.
 Vestager, who took over as competition commissioner on Nov.
(Bloomberg) -- When Bonnie Ross took over Microsoft Corp’s biggest video-game franchise, she inherited a Halo 4 script riddled with one-dimensional female characters who existed mainly as villains to be slain by the male protagonist.
 The quarter was the first with Mark Hurd and Safra Catz as chief executive officers, after they took over from founder Larry Ellison three months ago.
 Northstar took over New Jersey lottery’s marketing and sales on Oct.
 Chief Executive Officer Steve Kandarian, who took over the top job in 2011, is seeking to reward shareholders as the insurer faces tighter scrutiny from US.
(Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Bank AG named Ahmet Arinc head of global foreign exchange in the first realignment of the business, a month after Richard Herman took over as head of fixed income and currency markets.
