 In July, Spherix acquired its first piece of the Rockstar portfolio, purchasing seven patents in mobile communications.
 “Through strong organic growth as well as selective strategic acquisitions and partnerships,” Perrette said in the statement, “Mark and the team have built Discovery Networks International’s unrivaled footprint with powerful brands that are valued by viewers, advertisers and distribution partners around the world” Discovery has also been looking to new technologies for growth and in 2012 acquired online-video startup Revision3 for an undisclosed amount as part of a strategy to own and distribute reality programming.
 Also being acquired from American are so-called slots for eight other round trips now being leased by New York-based JetBlue, according to a statement today that didn’t elaborate on the terms.
 and medical-services company Apria Healthcare Group Inc, which was acquired in 2008 by Blackstone Group LP.
 Hale Global acquired a majority stake in Patch for an undisclosed amount.
 Bank of England Deputy Governor Andrew Bailey told lawmakers in July the “main issue” that brought down Co-Op Bank was the assets it acquired from Britannia Building Society in 2009.
 Pentair acquired Tyco International Ltd’s flow-control division in 2012.
 United Spirits in 2007 acquired Whyte & Mackay, gaining brands including W&M Scotch, Jura, Dalmore single highland malt and Vladivar vodka.
 It also acquired Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc.
 2, making it the biggest buyer after publicly traded Ventas Inc, which acquired 72 such buildings in its April 2012 purchase of Cogdell Spencer Inc.
 and former head of Celestial Pictures Ltd, which acquired a library of about 760 films from Shaw in 2000.
 Court Square Capital Partners LP, a New York-based private equity firm, acquired Wyle in 2009.
 “There’s a general improvement in confidence” Failing Strategy NAB, Australia’s fourth-largest bank based on its market value yesterday of A$806 billion ($71 billion), acquired Clydesdale in 1987.
 In 2004, NAB opted to sell Irish assets acquired through the Clydesdale deal to Danske Bank A/S for 967 million pounds and increase investment in Britain.
 The carrier already spent more than $10 billion to buy Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG last year after it acquired UK.
 An Apollo fund acquired 85 percent of Altamira, which manages foreclosed assets and handles loan recoveries in Spain, Santander said in a statement in Madrid today.
 Leucadia, which acquired Jefferies last year, rose 53 cents, or 2 percent, to $2756 in New York.
 In 1987, Holloway was promoted to president and chief executive officer of Equitable Investment Corp, overseeing the real-estate group and the brokerage unit Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc, which Equitable had acquired in 1984.
 Smithfield, which was acquired in September by China’s largest pork producer, Shuanghui International Holdings, is “refreshing” its antibiotics policy and says its usage varies each year based on weather, illnesses, and other factors, says spokeswoman Keira Lombardo.
 Last month, the world’s largest database maker acquired Responsys Inc.
 Those shares were canceled after Oracle acquired the company, in exchange for rights to receive a portion of the future performance-based payment, investors contend in court papers.
 Panasonic, based in Osaka, acquired a 149 percent stake in Tokyo-based Epco in 2009, according to the statement.
 Verizon acquired Hughes Telematics Inc.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Marubeni Corp, a Japanese trading company, acquired a 90 percent stake in a Solano County, California, wind project from EDF Renewable Energy.
 A group led by Apollo acquired EP Energy, El Paso Corp’s oil and natural gas exploration business, in 2012 for $715 billion in the second-biggest private equity takeover of an energy producer.
 acquired Australian uranium explorer and producer Extract Resources Ltd.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- F&C Asset Management Plc, manager of the UK’s oldest investment fund, said it’s in talks to be acquired by Bank of Montreal for about 697 million pounds ($12 billion).
 Freeport acquired Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 “The speculation that Dangdang will be acquired isn’t going away totally even though its management tried to clarify rumors,” Henry Guo, a senior analyst at ABR Investment Strategy LLC, said yesterday by phone from San Francisco.
 Buyers of German companies can squeeze out minority shareholders once they’ve acquired 90 percent or 95 percent.
 The plant, which PBF acquired from Sunoco Inc.
 It injected an additional $100 million when Aptalis, based in Bridgewater, New Jersey, acquired Eurand NV for about $590 million in 2011.
 The company, which acquired MakerBot in August, “would be a potentially attractive target for anyone looking to make a big splash within the space,” Angelo Zino, a New York-based analyst at S&P Capital IQ, said in a phone interview.
 Clearwire agreed to be acquired by Sprint, which sold the majority of its shares to Japan’s SoftBank Corp.
 That made the whole business hard to justify and Dish announced plans in November to shut down the video-rental chain, which it acquired out of bankruptcy in 2011.
 The agency said there was suspicious trading of call option contracts on the day before the company announced an agreement to be acquired by an investment group involving Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The software maker founded by Lynch was acquired for $103 billion in 2011.
 and James Richardson & Sons Ltd, is transferring private wealth offices in Ottawa, Montreal and Victoria that it acquired from Macquarie Group Ltd.
 The funds acquired about a 25 percent stake in 2011, when Banco Santander was offloading assets to bolster its finances.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Fiat SpA acquired full control of its Chrysler Group LLC unit in the US, setting the stage for the Italian carmaker to form a manufacturer with the scale to better challenge the biggest players in the auto industry.
 The Kyoto, Japan-based company said in a statement yesterday that it acquired the entire patent portfolio of IA Labs, which sued Nintendo for infringement in April 2010.
 When it acquired a Bermuda address through an acquisition in 2007, Argonaut accelerated its top executives’ awards to avoid the tax, recording an estimated $105 million expense, according to a securities filing.
 broadband provider, with more than 20 million broadband customers -- agreed to operate under open Internet rules after it acquired NBCUniversal in 2011.
 After months of negotiations, the utility acquired a minority stake in Rio Tinto Alcan aluminum plants in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne and Castelsarrasin, according to a statement last month from the main shareholder Trimet Aluminium SE.
 In 2012, Beijing-based ICBC acquired 80 percent of Standard Bank’s Argentine unit.
 Buyout firms Hellman & Friedman and Stone Point Capital acquired Memphis, Tennessee-based Sedgwick in 2010 for about $11 billion from Fidelity National Financial Inc.
 “They have acquired a blue-chip company with stable cash flow, so overall it is positive” Shares Surge Beam rose 25 percent to $8342 at the close in New York yesterday.
 acquired Sprint for $216 billion in a deal announced in 2012.
 Since then, the company acquired Pinnacle Vodka & Calico Jack Rum Brands in 2012 and sold Select Brands last year.
 “You’re looking, at the end of day, at a meaningful portfolio that has achieved strategic purposes and was acquired for market value,” said Erin-Michael Gill, managing director of MDB Capital Group, an IP-focused investment bank based in Santa Monica, California.
 Google acquired them to turn the tables on patent-infringement claims being made against its Android platform, the world’s largest operating system for mobile devices, by Apple and Microsoft Corp.
 to help sell some technology businesses it acquired as part of its takeover of New York Stock Exchange owner NYSE Euronext, people with knowledge of the matter said this month.
 The newly-acquired patents are in the areas of data, optical and voice technology, Spherix said.
 1 that the company was the victim of “a criminal cyber-intrusion” The chain, acquired last year by Ares Management LLC and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, has taken steps to enhance information security, she said.
 mortgage-backed securities acquired during the 2009 bailout of ING Groep NV as it seeks to wind down the portfolio within a year.
 as a college student at Harvard University, experienced managers may be better prepared for startups, said Jeff Mariola, 59, who in October started Chicago-based Digital BrandWorks, which acquired an electronic commerce company, wwwbuyhappiercom.
 La Caisse, Canada’s second-largest pension fund, acquired half of Dong Energy A/S’s 50 percent stake in the London Array-1 venture off southern England, according to a statement today.
 This is not a broken company” Icahn Stake EBay, whose online marketplace sells everything from motorcycles to golf clubs via auctions and at fixed prices, acquired PayPal in 2002 to add online-payment services.
 said it acquired closely held Mandiant Corp.
 The explorer, acquired by Vedanta Resources Plc for $867 billion in 2011, plans to spend $3 billion in the next three years to discover oil pools and boost production at its biggest fields, located in the north-western state of Rajasthan.
 Liberty Global would also be less likely to overbid, she said, given the fact it also acquired the UK’s Virgin Media Inc.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Third Point LLC, the hedge fund founded by activist investor Daniel Loeb, bought a stake in wireless carrier T-Mobile US Inc, betting that the company could be acquired by Sprint Corp.
 climbed to a record in trading a day after it acquired closely held Mandiant Corp.
 Bridgepoint acquired Diaverum from Gambro Holding AB in July 2007 using 515 billion kronor ($785 million) of debt that starts to mature this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Alnylam also said last week that it acquired some experimental RNAi drugs from Merck & Co.
 The assets Alnylam acquired from Merck last week had belonged to a company called Sirna Therapeutics Inc, also focused on RNAi, that Merck bought for $11 billion in 2006.
 SoftBank acquired control of Overland Park, Kansas-based Sprint last year in a $216 billion deal and agreed in October to pay $126 billion for a majority stake in Brightstar.
 That lets Nasdaq get involved with startups even if they ultimately get acquired instead of listing publicly, Aust said.
 The Boston-based firm acquired Skylark in 2011 for 160 billion yen from a group of investors including Nomura.
 Court Square Capital Partners LP, a New York-based private equity firm, acquired Wyle in 2009.
 The Blues today acquired defender Kurt Zouma from France’s Saint-Etienne, for a fee of about 125 million pounds according to the Daily Mail.
 The unit said it acquired those rights from its US.
 Shares of Sina have jumped 62 percent after Alibaba acquired the stake.
 Since then, the company acquired Pinnacle Vodka & Calico Jack Rum Brands in 2012 and sold Select Brands last year.
 Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd, which acquired a stake in Bega in November, hasn’t approached the dairy producer over any takeover, Irvin said.
 The Seahawks aren’t his only pro team; he acquired what he called his “first love,” the Portland Trail Blazers basketball franchise, in 1988.
 Over the phone) In 2009, BlackRock acquired a group called Scientific Active Equities, or SAE, which currently runs about $80 billion of BlackRock's $41 trillion.
 Scientific Active Equities applied the scientific method to the process of calling up analysts and saying "so, how're things," and realized that they could save some time by sending analysts quarterly or monthly electronic surveys saying "so, how're things, on a scale of 1 to 9?" (Specifically, the survey asked analysts for nuance that couldn't be found in public reports: how likely a company was to be acquired, or whether earnings were more likely to beat the analyst's expectations or miss them) SAE would average the analysts' responses and use them as a trading signal; "survey based signals were generally weighted approximately 5% in SAE's quantitive trading models" So far so good, really, but there were some problems.
 In early 2012, Ion Torrent, which was acquired by Carlsbad, California-based Life Technologies Corp, reported it had a machine capable of the $1,000 genome in hand.
 Last year, the gene sequencing company acquired Verinata Health for about $350 million.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Saracen Mineral Holdings Ltd, an Australian gold producer, will seek to restart mines acquired from OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel in 18 months after completing the deal worth as much as A$40 million ($35 million).
 Norilsk, the world’s biggest nickel producer, acquired the mines through the $64 billion takeover of LionOre Mining International Ltd.
 capital to Brussels and Strasbourg starting in March using slots recently acquired from Flybe Group Plc.
 The new enterprise unit will absorb the business acquired from IBM once the purchase clears all regulatory approvals, Lenovo said in a statement.
 and Oriental Brewery Co, re-acquired this week by the world’s biggest beer maker Anheuser-Busch InBev NV.
 BAE acquired Detica Group Plc in 2008 for 531 million pounds ($868 million) to augment its more traditional combat-jet and naval-ship sales as militaries in the US.
 Super may be more likely to buy assets than be acquired, said Yeo, the DBS analyst.
 Colony American Homes Inc, which has acquired more than 15,000 homes, is also preparing a rental-home bond.
 Carl Icahn has acquired $36 billion in shares in Apple Inc, and is lobbying CEO Tim Cook to funnel more of its cash into large share repurchases.
 Retailer Edcon Holdings (Pty) Ltd, acquired in 2007 by Bain Capital Partners LLC for $25 billion, may consider a listing, according to Chris Gilmour, an analyst at Absa Asset Management Private Clients.
 First Quantum acquired the project from Inmet Mining Corp.
 The bank acquired the Swiss unit of ABN Amro Bank NV in 2011, bought Nexar Capital Group, an alternative investment manager, in 2012, and added Lloyds’s international private banking business last year.
 The London-based firm acquired Balta, a home and car insurer based in Riga, Latvia through its Codan unit in 2001.
 Saks was acquired by Hudson’s Bay Co, a middle-market Canadian department store chain, for $24 billion in November.
 Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
 It was acquired by Martinez in a private sale for $12 million more than five years ago, one of the people said.
 ‘SNL’ Skit Mayer, whose presentation included a short news skit with cast members from “Saturday Night Live,” also shared the stage with David Karp, founder of blogging service Tumblr Inc, which Yahoo acquired for more than $1 billion last year.
 The company said it acquired Aviate, a mobile startup that helps people interact on wireless gadgets that run Google’s Android operating system.
 Motorola Mobility filed the application in July 2012, two months after it was acquired by Mountain View, California-based Google.
 Existing permits that were legally acquired “remain valid and are renegotiated in the 36 months from the date the law is enacted,” the draft says.
 Pacific Bell’s parent company was acquired in 1997 by SBC Communications Inc, and in 2005 SBC bought AT&T Corp.
 Water Commitment Ridinger said he will keep hold of the water treatmentbusiness, acquired through the purchase of Arch Chemicals for$135 billion, even as a slow start to the summer in bothNorthern and Southern hemispheres dragged down sales of itsswimming pool chemicals.
 The operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange also announced that its market data services division has acquired Impendium Systems, a London-based firm that uses cloud-based software to help customers comply with regulations in Europe, North America and the Asia-Pacific region.
 (CMCSA) acquired AT&T Broadband in 2001 for about $72 billion.
 Sprint Corp, which was acquired by SoftBank last year, expects to book a charge of about $165 million in the fourth quarter for costs related to severance payments.
 Icahn had, earlier this month, acquired shares and derivative securities that give him an economic interest of approximately 082% in the company" There are about 129 billion shares outstanding.
 Delaying Mine In November 2012, Cliffs announced it was delaying the expansion of its Bloom Lake iron-ore mine in Quebec, acquired when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 It was developed by Scientific Active Equities, an investment group within Barclays Global Investors, which BlackRock acquired in 2009.
 Earnings Estimates Under the BlackRock survey, data sought included analyst views on the likelihood of a surprise to their forecasted earnings estimate and the possibility a company they cover would be acquired in a merger, according to the agreement.
 Breca Group bought Chilean cement producer Melon SA in 2009 while Grana y Montero SA acquired Enersis Compania Americana de Multiservicios in 2011, and Vial y Vives Ingenieria in 2012.
 Symantec acquired its way into that business with the $102 billion purchase of Veritas Software Corp.
 AMG, the Beverly, Massachusetts-based company that owns stakes in more than two dozen money managers, acquired the firm in 2010.
 Consumer Goods “Resources is a sector where we have acquired a number of assets in past years,” Mahanyele said.
 Dish, which acquired the chain out of bankruptcy in 2011, decided to close the final 300 US.
 The retailer said today in a statement that the move would trigger its shareholder rights plan -- or poison pill -- if investors acquired more than 49 percent of the shares, down from 10 percent previously.
 to force it to license patents acquired from Nortel Networks Inc.
 The purchase is Genesee & Wyoming’s first since August 2012, when it acquired RailAmerica Inc.
 CNBC today reported that Icahn may have acquired 30 million to 40 million shares in the Park Ridge, New Jersey-based company.
 Philadelphia Energy Solutions, the refinery’s operator, is a joint venture of Carlyle Group LP and Sunoco Inc, which was acquired by Energy Transfer Partners LP in October 2012.
 2 that it acquired closely held Mandiant Corp, based in Alexandria, Virginia, in a transaction worth $105 billion.
 acquired a technology startup in India as the largest social-networking service seeks to bolster its presence among mobile-device users.
 Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
 He said Verizon is making a 38 percent profit on the airwaves it acquired in a government auction.
 ICE, the energy and commodity futures bourse in Atlanta, acquired NYSE Euronext last year, which enabled it to expand into interest-rate futures.
 acquired the maker of photography smartphone application SnappyCam as the world’s most valuable technology company continues its stepped-up pace of acquisitions.
 Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in October that Apple acquired 15 companies in the fiscal year ended in September, compared with five known deals in the previous one.
 Founded in 1965, Brookstone was acquired in 2005 by a group led by Osim, Asia’s biggest maker of massage chairs, in a $422 million deal.
 “Investors see high quality just outside major metros,” said Tim Wang, head of research at Clarion, which acquired buildings in Arlington, Virginia, and Brookline, Massachusetts, last year.
 investor in the region’s cable operators, acquired Virgin Media Inc.
 Dozens Sued Soverain, a Chicago-based seller of e-commerce software, acquired the patents and sued dozens of companies that it said used the technology without paying royalties.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Chatham Lodging Trust’s joint venture with Cerberus Capital Management LP is offering for sale 51 extended-stay hotels operated under the Innkeepers brand two years after they were acquired.
 The acquired businesses will add about 200 employees to Buffett’s company, Noel said.
 Spending Binge Dubai Financial Group LLC, a unit of Dubai Group, acquired a 40 percent stake in Bank Islam for $224 million in October 2006.
 3i acquired Scandlines, a ferry operator in the Baltic and Basic-Fit, a European gym-owner.
 Johnson and Chen both joined SAP when it acquired their previous company, Sybase Inc, in 2010.
 Under Hartmann and Wilhelm Simson, the Viag boss who became his co-CEO at EON, the merged company acquired UK.
 The New York-based company’s default swaps rose 66 basis points to 2132 yesterday, amid concern that the company would be loaded with debt if it were to be acquired.
 In August 2011, Skowron admitted using secret tips he got from a French physician to help FrontPoint avoid more than $30 million in trading losses on Human Genome Sciences Inc, a Rockville, Maryland, pharmaceutical firm that was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline Plc.
 It acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for more than $10 billion in October and is seeking to buy Grupo Corporativo ONO SA, the Spanish cable operator that is preparing for an initial public offering, two people familiar with the matter said.
 Cross Licensing The value of the patents Qualcomm acquired will be determined by how much they’ve already been used in cross-licensing agreements struck by Hewlett-Packard, said Erin-Michael Gill, managing director at MDB Capital Group, an intellectual property-focused investment bank based in Santa Monica, California.
 Symantec acquired its way into that business with the $102 billion purchase of Veritas Software Corp.
 Comcast, which would have preferred to acquire Time Warner Cable two years from now, as it views President Barack Obama’s administration as a tough regulator, may act sooner if Time Warner Cable will otherwise be acquired, the people said.
 filed the case in 2009 before spinning off its mobile-phone making division, which was later acquired by Google.
 Bank of America acquired Countrywide in 2008.
 NYSE was acquired by Atlanta-based IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc.
 to force the group to license patents acquired from Nortel Networks Inc.
 Hale acquired a majority stake in Patch for an undisclosed amount.
 Dish acquired Sling Media Inc.
 It was developed by Scientific Active Equities, or SAE, an investment group within Barclays Global Investors, which BlackRock acquired in 2009, according to the agreement reached yesterday with Schneiderman.
 Data sought included analyst views on the likelihood of a surprise to their forecasted earnings estimate and the possibility a company they cover would be acquired in a merger, according to the pact.
 “This report shall provide, to the greatest extent possible, an estimate of the number of records of United States citizens that have been acquired by NSA as part of the bulk telephone metadata program and the number of such records that have been reviewed by NSA personnel in response to a query,” according to an explanatory statement accompanying the bill.
 First-quarter fiscal 2014 revenue was almost unchanged from a year earlier as irrigation-equipment sales slid 4 percent in the period to $1292 million, the Omaha, Nebraska-based company that acquired Claude Laval Corp.
 Fannie Mae acquired the rights and will transfer the servicing of the loans to another firm, Andrew Wilson, a Fannie Mae spokesman, said in a phone interview.
 unveiled its first Web-connected television that runs on the software platform it acquired from Hewlett-Packard Co.
 Comcast acquired the remainder of NBCUniversal from General Electric Co.
 Universal Music acquired EMI’s recorded music business in 2012.
 An investor group led by Sony Corp, owner of Sony Music Entertainment, acquired EMI’s publishing business.
 In 2011, billionaire Len Blavatnik acquired Warner Music Group.
 acquired assets in the country, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Allianz paid $987 million for insurer Yapi Kredi Sigorta AS and its life and private pension unit in March, while Panasonic acquired Viko, a maker of plugs and sockets for $460 million in October.
 Mountain View, California-based Google acquired seven companies for a robotics project led by Andy Rubin, former head of the Android software unit, as the world’s largest online search provider pushes beyond its roots.
 In my mind, the timing works” Engaging Shareholders Richard Broome, a spokesman for Hertz, said the Park Ridge, New Jersey-based company is focused on initiatives such as integrating Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group Inc, which it acquired in 2012, and expanding beyond airports.
 3, CNBC reported that billionaire Carl Icahn, who has pushed for changes at companies including Apple Inc, had acquired as many as 40 million Hertz shares.
 The three acquired businesses generated combined annual revenue of about $250 million in 2013, GE said.
 Last year, the company gained control of satellite TV operator Sky Deutschland AG, and in June 2012 acquired the 50 percent of Star Sports in India it didn’t own from Walt Disney Co.
 China Media Capital, a media and entertainment focused fund, acquired 53 percent of Star China from Murdoch in 2010.
 In May 2012, the company acquired about 17 percent of Beijing-based Bona Film Group Ltd, one of China’s biggest film distributors.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Rockwell Collins Inc, the maker of aircraft electronics, plans to build an information management services unit centered on recently acquired Arinc Inc, as the company seeks to lead digital communications that could transform aviation over the next 15 years.
 Motorola Mobility filed the application in July 2012, two months after it was acquired by Mountain View, California-based Google.
 Japan real estate investment trusts, or J-REITs, acquired properties worth 223 trillion yen ($216 billion) in 2013, almost triple the previous year, after raising a record amount of cash from equity sales, according to the Association for Real Estate Securitization.
 BlackRock acquired private-equity property investment adviser MGPA last year to expand in Asia, including Japan.
 Mori Trust Sogo REIT Inc, which invests in office and commercial properties, in April acquired a building in Shibuya that houses the flagship store of Swedish retailer Hennes & Mauritz AB for 32 billion yen, with an estimated net operating income of 136 billion yen, according to a statement.
 MGPA, the firm acquired by BlackRock, bought two Tokyo office properties last year, the South Shin Otsuka and Shinjuku TX buildings, according to a statement dated April 15, 2013, on the website of law firm Clifford Chance, which advised the investment firm on the purchases.
 Although the Dish affiliate said it wants to back out of the lenders’ bid, LightSquared has alleged that Dish Chairman Charlie Ergen secretly acquired $1 billion of its debt in an attempt to take over its spectrum.
 to help sell some technology businesses it acquired as part of its takeover of New York Stock Exchange owner NYSE Euronext, two people with knowledge of the matter said.
 His track record at Crescendo includes pushing for the sale of Michael Baker Corp, which was then acquired for almost $400 million.
 acquired Canadian drugmaker Paladin Labs Inc.
 Non-Prescription Products Perrigo expanded into pet care products in 2012 and acquired Velcera Inc, an animal health provider, last year for $160 million.
 said yesterday it will introduce a nationwide plan with technology acquired from Intel Corp, expanding beyond its existing FiOS territories.
 The program was developed by Scientific Active Equities, or SAE, an investment group within Barclays Global Investors, which BlackRock acquired in 2009, according to the agreement reached Jan.
 In 2005, a group of private-equity firms, including Silver Lake and KKR & Co, acquired the business for $266 billion.
 Diageo Plc, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay, which makes Scotch whisky including Jura and The Dalmore, when it bought India’s United Spirits last year for a foothold in emerging markets.
 The company wouldn’t penalize employees for losses tied to bad loans sold by firms it acquired amid the financial crisis, including Bear Stearns Cos.
 sporting-goods retailer controlled by billionaire Mike Ashley, sold a recently acquired stake in Debenhams Plc and replaced it with a 64 million-pound ($105 million) wager on the department-store chain’s share price.
 After selling the 46 percent holding, acquired earlier this month, Sports Direct has entered a so-called put option agreement over a 66 percent stake in London-based Debenhams, it said today in a statement.
 As the information about traders using hand signals and setting different ring tones to identify certain customers was verified by multiple sources with direct knowledge, the FBI had medium confidence in the acquired facts, Reuters reported, citing the bulletin.
 That’s because the SEC’s compliance system is designed to vet new trades and doesn’t flag holdings that became prohibited after an employee acquired them, the person said.
 Some of the banned stocks are in bank holding companies that acquired SEC-regulated firms -- such as a broker or clearing firm -- after the 2008 financial crisis, the person said.
 In 2012, Beijing-based ICBC acquired 80 percent of Standard Bank’s Argentine unit.
 Takeover Chatter Talks took a more urgent turn late last year as Nest considered whether to raise more money from outside investors or be acquired by Google, said people with knowledge of the deal, who asked not to be identified because discussions were private.
 Last month, the company continued its shift to Web-based offerings when it acquired online travel provider Comvel GmbH and agreed to sell TV and radio stations in eastern Europe.
 That same year it also acquired Turkey’s Denizbank AS from Belgium’s Dexia SA for $35 billion.
 Clariant Chief Executive Officer Hariolf Kottmann, who acquired the water-treatment unit through the purchase of German catalyst maker Sued-Chemie for about $23 billion in 2011, has been revamping the company to make it less dependent on commodity chemicals.
 BGI Acquisition BlackRock acquired Barclays Global Investors in December 2009 to expand into passive investments.
 The 782,000-square-foot (72,700-square-meter) Washington office was acquired from Manulife Financial Corp, Canada’s largest insurer.
 They point to aging structures like the Eastern Greenwich Civic Center, which the town acquired in 1966, and which has cracks in its facade and chunks of concrete missing from exterior walls.
 He got his start at a local cable operator -- American Television & Communications, which was later acquired by Time Warner Cable -- after getting an economics degree at California University in Pennsylvania.
 Bresnan was eventually renamed Optimum West, which Rutledge then acquired again in last year’s transaction -- this time for Charter.
 Medtronic acquired closely held Ardian Inc.
 was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo LLC for about $13 billion in 2012.
 Blue Coat acquired competitor Packeteer Inc.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Sameer Africa Ltd, a Kenyan manufacturer of tires, soared to the highest level since May 2011 on bets the company’s largest shareholder will sell a stake acquired from Bridgestone Corp.
 Debenhams Rises Debenhams Plc rose 5 percent to 857 pence as Sports Direct International Plc acquired a 463 percent stake in the UK’s second-largest department store chain.
 Tokyo Electron acquired Oerlikon Solar, the photovoltaics unit of Swiss industrial equipment maker OC Oerlikon Corp, in 2012 for an enterprise value of 250 million Swiss francs ($278 million).
 3 that billionaire Carl Icahn mayhave acquired 30 million to 40 million shares in the company.
 Boeing inherited litigation over the plane when it acquired McDonnell Douglas in 1997.
 acquired Sprint Corp.
 In 2012, Beam acquired the Pinnacle Vodka and Calico Jack rum brands from White Rock Distilleries Inc.
 LG this month unveiled its first Web-connected TVs running on a software platform it acquired from Hewlett-Packard Co.
 About 88 gigawatts of the European gas plants that closed last year were either built or acquired within the last 10 years, according to the study.
 That happened with its bid in 2010 for software maker Novell Inc, which instead agreed to be acquired eight months later by Attachmate Corp.
 “CNPC and PetroChina have aggressively acquired overseas assets in the past few years, and it seems now the strategy is paying off and overseas output has developed into the engine driving the overall production growth of CNPC” Officials Investigated The last executive to fall foul of the government corruption probe was Wen Qingshan, the Kunlun chairman who resigned from his post on Dec.
 Sotheby’s largest shareholder is Loeb’s Third Point LLC, which acquired a 92 percent stake in the company as of Oct.
 The Ngadju people claim that 210 of the 250 mining tenements held by Gold Fields aren’t valid because the Native Title Act 1993 was not followed when the company acquired the assets and at other times, according to the statement.
 acquired AT&T Broadband in 2001 for about $72 billion.
 It was acquired as part of Berkshire’s buyout of MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co, an electric-and-gas utility.
 Same-store sales at the division increased 01 percent Best Buy established the international unit in fiscal 2002 when it acquired Future Shop Ltd, Canada’s largest consumer-electronics retailer.
 “We’ve acquired a big stockbroking business,” Maimoonah Hussain, managing director of Affin Investment Bank Bhd, told reporters in Kuala Lumpur today.
 acquired the investment banking and broking unit of ECM Libra Financial Group Bhd.
 Since Chief Executive Officer Martin Winterkorn took the helm in 2007, Volkswagen has acquired the Porsche sports car brand as well as truckmakers Scania and MAN and Italian motorcycle producer Ducati.
 did last year when it acquired Chilean pension provider AFP Provida SA, Lukan said.
 Posco has acquired some of the more than 2,700 acres (1,093 hectares) of land needed to build an 8 million-ton steel complex, while the state government is awaiting the tribunal’s clearance before transferring the rest of the land to the company.
 In 2007, Kormos joined Deutsche Bank, Europe’s biggest investment bank by revenue, as a managing director after the company acquired his banking boutique New Europe Capital Partners, according to a press release at the time.
 Last month, the company acquired Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis to its Alzheimer’s drug Namenda and antidepressant Lexapro.
 The disputed patent, which Allcare acquired from an inventor for $75,000, covered a system that lets doctors enter symptom data into a computer and receive a list of possible treatments.
 AT&T acquired the cable company in 1999.
 The carmaker started buying stock in the Swedish manufacturer in 2000, and acquired majority voting control in March 2008.
 MobileIron’s biggest competitor, AirWatch LLC, agreed to be acquired last month by VMware Inc.
 The Minnetonka, Minnesota-based company was acquired by Goldman from buyout firm Thomas H.
 Carlyle has acquired parts of large corporations since it was started in 1987 by Bill Conway, Dan D’Aniello and David Rubenstein.
 Arqaam bought El Rashad Securities Brokerage SAE in Cairo to expand in Egypt and also acquired Libya’s Al Rashad Finance and Management Advisory to build a base in north Africa.
 Patent and Trademark Office’s database of patent assignments, all six of the patents listed in the initial complaint were acquired by Intellectual Ventures.
 Innovia Debut Another high-yield borrower seeking to raise debt in Europe is Innovia Films Ltd, a maker of cellulose packaging film acquired by Arle Capital Partners LLP in 2004.
 The regulatory filing shows the firm acquired stakes in JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 With a merger the rules would extend to the acquired Time Warner broadband subscribers, Comcast’s Cohen said yesterday.
 Rogers purchased 22 licenses for C$33 billion, while BCE bought 31 for C$566 million and Telus acquired 30 for C$11 billion.
 The facility acquired by Apple was slated to employ 600 people -- and 4,000 more if successful -- before the former owner, solar-panel maker First Solar Inc, pulled out in 2012.
 New York-based Jefferies, acquired by Leucadia National Corp.
 The company acquired Chilean pension provider AFP Provida SA last year for about $2 billion.
 PetroChina acquired 60 percent of the project in 2010.
 It also advised Riyadh-based utility ACWA Power International when Saudi Arabian sovereign wealth fund Sanabil and the nation’s pension agency acquired a 19 percent stake in the company.
 Profit from that unit more than doubled the year after the company acquired Phibro, before falling in 2011 and 2012.
 LightSquared has said SPSO acquired debt in the company in violation of terms that bar a rival such as Ergen’s satellite-TV business from investing.
 “We reiterate our Buy recommendation given First Quantum’s strong growth profile from 2015 onwards” Canada’s biggest copper producer, which acquired Inmet Mining Corp.
 Homes acquired through non-performing loans have often gone years without maintenance as the owners struggled to pay their debts, adding to renovation costs.
 Disrupting Education Founded in the 1980s, Renaissance Learning was publicly traded until 2011, when it was acquired by private-equity firm Permira Advisers for $455 million after a bidding war.
 increased the proportion of its reserves made up of oil to the highest in a decade as shale-drilling expertise acquired in the $35 billion XTO Energy deal was mobilized to find crude.
 The company discovered and acquired enough new crude and gas to replace 103 percent of what it pumped last year.
 MegaRed Tablets The company has acquired consumer-health assets in China, Latin America and the US.
 Iusacell, whose operations are only in Mexico, was valued at $32 billion when Televisa acquired a 50 percent stake in the company in 2012.
 Televisa, the world’s largest Spanish-language broadcaster, acquired its half of Iusacell from Salinas in 2012 after scrapping an earlier plan to take a stake in NII’s Mexican unit.
 Several dozen Apple employees went to work for Nest Labs Inc, the digital-thermostat maker founded by former Apple executive Tony Fadell and recently acquired by Google.
 Gilead acquired Sovaldi in that deal, which closed in 2012.
 Last year, Rakuten acquired digital content platform Viki Inc.
 In 2012, it acquired Wuakitv, a Europe-based video-on-demand and streaming service, and led a group that acquired a minority stake in Pinterest for $100 million.
 Loral and PSP acquired Telesat from Canadian telecommunications company BCE Inc, a deal announced in December 2006 valued at about $3 billion including debt.
 The purchase of the vineyard, a neighbor of top-ranked Sauternes grower Chateau d’Yquem, comes 30 years after GDF Suez acquired the property, investing since then in technical improvements to the winery and the restoration of the chateau.
 Lucasfilm Ltd, acquired by Disney for $4 billion in December 2012, announced in March of last year that production of new TV episodes had stopped.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- George Soros’s Soros Fund Management LLC acquired stakes in JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Google Buys Companies such as Waze Inc, which was acquired by Google Inc.
 “Their subscriber base is expanding well, and we can expect stable revenue” Alibaba Stake SoftBank has acquired a 15 percent stake in China’s Wandoujia with an option to double that to 30 percent of the search engine for mobile apps, Son said.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Greenko Group Plc acquired a 70-megawatt hydropower project from a unit of India’s Lanco Infratech Ltd.
 Some of the spectrum acquired in the 1,800 MHz band will be used for a fourth-generation mobile service, the company said.
 Nest Labs Inc, the digital-thermostat maker, was acquired by Google Inc.
 CVS acquired Caremark for $272 billion in 2007, creating the biggest mail-order and retail medicine provider in the US.
 expanded its workforce last year for the first time since 2007 as the life insurer acquired a Chilean pension manager and a provider of hedge funds.
 Principal last year acquired AFP Cuprum SA, which manages Chilean retirement funds, and hedge-fund firm Liongate Capital Management LLP.
 The latter was acquired by Vodafone Group Plc in 2012.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Forest Laboratories Inc, which is being acquired by Actavis Plc, was sued by a shareholder who claims the transaction provides investors with an inadequate return.
 Zecha was named chairman of Aman Resorts Group Ltd, the joint venture company between Peak Hotels and Zecha that acquired the hotel chain from DLF, Amanresorts said in an e-mailed statement today.
 Paulson’s total gain on the investment is probably larger than $141 million because the firm first acquired the stock during the third quarter, when it traded at an average of $11245 a share, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 MobileIron’s biggest competitor, AirWatch LLC, agreed to be acquired last month by VMware Inc.
 The settlement comes about three months after Malvern, Pennsylvania-based Endo, which faces generic competition to Lidoderm, acquired Paladin Labs Inc.
 “With the high-quality frequencies acquired in this auction, Videotron is now well-equipped to develop its network in the years to come,” Depatie said in the statement.
 Stryker, which acquired technology for robot-assisted surgery last year, and J&J, the world’s biggest maker of health-care products, are the most likely candidates to counter the $17 billion offer, said William Blair & Co.
 The company in 2012 acquired Zug, Switzerland-based Actavis and took on the Actavis name.
 29 statement that it acquired 11 properties from the sale by CWCapital, a Bethesda, Maryland-based unit of Fortress Investment Group LLC that specializes in managing soured commercial mortgages that have been packaged into bonds.
 in New York, said today it acquired seven assets from the auction.
 EQT and Goldman Sachs’s private-equity arm acquired ISS for 219 billion kroner in 2005.
 After Buffett acquired BNSF in February 2010, the railroad’s spending margin widened.
 This pressure means that even if there was a leak, pressure forces the clean water out rather than letting other substances in” The UK’s biggest water and wastewater services provider with about 15 million customers across the capital London and the Thames Valley was acquired in 2006 by the Kemble Water Holdings Ltd.
 Abril’s profit trailed estimates in the past two years as it struggled to integrate English and high schools it acquired, said Mario Bernardes Junior, an analyst at Banco do Brasil SA.
 -- acquired Smithfield Foods Inc, the world’s largest hog producer, for about $47 billion last year in the biggest Chinese acquisition in the US.
 He began buying the dollar-based warrants for his Franklin Templeton funds in 2006, and had acquired 14 percent of all the securities by August 2013.
 Andreas Halvorsen, acquired stakes in Walgreen Co.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Suez Environnement, Europe’s second-biggest water company, acquired a 395 percent stake in the Rome utility Acea SpA from GDF Suez SA to raise its shareholding to 125 percent.
 New York-based Jefferies, which was acquired by Leucadia National Corp.
 mortgage-backed bonds it acquired in a 2009 bailout of ING Groep NV for $89 billion after prices of the securities recovered from lows that year.
 The company acquired Bresnan Broadband Holdings LLC in July for $163 billion, which helped add 63,000 residential customers and 16,000 commercial subscribers in the quarter.
 Effron also advised InBev when it acquired Anheuser-Busch in 2008 for $52 billion.
 The retailer, acquired by TPG and Leonard Green in a $3 billion buyout in 2011, estimates revenues increased 9 percent to $24 billion in the year ended Feb.
 Valspar, a 208-year-old company, also acquired the Ace Hardware private label last year and expanded at Lowe’s with a professional paint line.
 I sent it in and in 48 hours I was accepted” The school, founded in 1969 as Holborn Law Tutors, was acquired by Kaplan in 2005.
 CVS acquired Caremark for $272 billion in 2007, creating the biggest mail-order and retail medicine provider in the US, after a three-month bidding war with Express Scripts Inc.
 MapMyFitness, acquired last year by Under Armour for $150 million, has about 20 million users worldwide.
 Goncalves was formerly the CEO of Metals USA Holdings Corp, the steel distributor acquired last year by Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co.
 Having acquired a large holding of US.
 The London-based drugmaker acquired his employer, Ardea Biosciences Inc, for $126 billion in 2012 to gain lesinurad as well as experimental cancer drugs.
 Takeda also acquired Colcrys, or colchicine, which is used to treat and prevent gout flares.
 Coca-Cola eventually acquired all of Zico and Honest.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Dun & Bradstreet Corp, a provider of business data and risk-management services, was sued by the company that acquired its small business credit-monitoring branch in 2010 over a spurned buyout offer.
 Access Industries acquired Warner Music Group in 2011 for $33 billion including bond debt.
 In November 2012, Cliffs announced it was delaying the expansion of its Bloom Lake iron-ore mine in Quebec, acquired when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 ONO is one of Europe’s few remaining major cable assetsavailable after Vodafone acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AGand Liberty Global bought Virgin Media Inc.
 Last year, TPG acquired Assisted Living Concepts Inc, which operates a chain of residences for seniors.
 3 listed lender, acquired Toender Bank A/S in 2012 after the watchdog found more impaired assets than Toender had equity to absorb.
 SmileMakers will be acquired by Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire’s Oriental Trading Co.
 Those three situations where Hixon allegedly insider traded are (1) trading in Titanium Metals Corporation in October 2012, before Titanium announced that it was going to be acquired but after Hixon and his team had pitched Titanium on representing them in the acquisition, (2) trading in Evercore stock ahead of Evercore's announcement of record 2012 earnings in January 2013,2 and (3) trading in Westway, Hixon's client, in 2011, before Westway announced that it was being acquired in a complicated deal on which Hixon advised.
 Manulife bought a broker-dealer and investment adviser firm last year from Symetra Financial Corp, and acquired MAAKL Mutual Bhd, a Malaysian asset manager.
 To bolster its experiments in robotics, Google acquired Boston Dynamics Inc.
 Fission, which has signed non-disclosure agreements with potential buyers, has a promising discovery in that area and will probably be acquired within two years, Raymond James Financial Inc.
 “Our investors don’t want us selling with uranium at $35 a pound, but at the same time we don’t control the people who are buyers” Wyoming Project Ur-Energy Inc, valued at $180 million, is among the smaller exploration companies that could be acquired, Sadowski of Raymond James said.
 “We will issue a separate ruling on this -- which means we won’t even touch the question today of what amount of damages would be warranted in case of an infringement finding” Patent holding company IPCom, based in Munich, has sued mobile-device makers globally over mobile technology it acquired from Robert Bosch GmbH in 2007 to collect license fees.
 Given is in the process of being acquired by Covidien Plc.
 KKR, which acquired a controlling stake in Visma in 2010, may also seek an initial public offering for the Oslo-based company, said the people, asking not to be identified as the details aren’t public.
 Silver Lake Sumeru, which was introduced in 2008 and raised $11 billion, was among the backers of PrimeSense Ltd, the Israeli maker of motion-tracking chips that was acquired by Apple Inc.
 Mailru holds 40 percent of VKontakte, while Usmanov’s ally Ivan Tavrin acquired a 12 percent stake last month.
 Including customers Sprint acquired in its purchase of US.
 6 that it hired three firms to develop 240 acres (97 hectares) in Plano acquired in 1987 upon moving its headquarters from New York.
 Mike Matas, who worked as part of the original iPhone software design team, left to found Push Pop Press, which was acquired by Facebook Inc.
 “But more than sparking a flurry of deals, I think this policy opens the door to spectrum trading as a more cost-efficient alternative” The rules allow carriers of third-generation, or 3G, spectrum, auctioned by the government in 2010, to exceed the 50 percent cap if the additional airwaves are acquired through trading or an outright purchase.
 The German automaker started buying stock in the Swedish manufacturer in 2000 and acquired majority voting control in March 2008.
 when it was acquired by Ericsson AB for $21 billion in 2007, Violin Memory said.
 The French company acquired the business in 2007 with its 123 billion-euro purchase of Royal Numico NV.
 Focus Media Holding Ltd, a Shanghai-based advertising company, was acquired last year for $38 billion by investors led by Carlyle Group LP.
 Superior, which has acquired companies in Colombia and Argentina, is looking to profit from expanded international spending by energy producers, Chief Executive Officer David Dunlap said in an interview at his Houston office yesterday.
 when it was acquired by Baker Hughes Inc.
 “Their subscriber base is expanding well, and we can expect stable revenue” Alibaba Stake SoftBank has acquired a 15 percent stake in China’s Wandoujia with an option to double that to 30 percent of the search engine for mobile apps, Son said.
 The bid comes two days after Hoffman Estates, Illinois-based Amcol said it agreed to be acquired by Imerys for $41 a share in cash.
 New York-based Jefferies, which was acquired by Leucadia National Corp.
 Danone acquired Numico in 2007 to become Europe’s biggest maker of foods for young children and gain a foothold in Asia and the Middle East.
 acquired about 20 percent stake in Dianping, the operator of a Yelp-like website in China, to strengthen location-based services offered by Asia’s largest Internet company.
 He bought stock in Texas billionaire Harold Simmons’s Titanium Metals Corp, a maker of titanium used in the aerospace industry, before a November 2012 announcement that it would be acquired by Portland, Oregon-based Precision Castparts Corp.
 Logista was acquired by Imperial in 2008 as part of the 126 billion-euro ($17 billion) takeover of cigarette maker Altadis SA.
 The purchase is valued at $850 million when taking into account cash acquired, including net cash proceeds of $170 million from the sale of ATMI’s LifeSciences business, Entegris said.
 “With the high-quality frequencies acquired in this auction, Videotron is now well-equipped to develop its network in the years to come,” Depatie said in the statement.
 approval in December for Sovaldi, the treatment for hepatitis C it acquired in its $11 billion purchase of Pharmasset Inc.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Southwest Airlines Co, which acquired most of the flying rights sold by American Airlines Group Inc.
 billionaire Richard Branson, and Southwest also acquired slots sold by Fort Worth, Texas-based American at LaGuardia.
 Danone acquired Numico in 2007 for about 12 billion euros to become Europe’s biggest maker of foods for young children and gain a foothold in Asia and the Middle East.
 Stone Tower Apollo in 2012 acquired Stone Tower Capital LLC, a New York-based credit manager with about $19 billion of assets at the time of the deal, according to a regulatory filing.
 Including the 74,000 Utica acres acquired from Hess Corp.
 About 90 percent of American Energy’s acquired acreage is in the core of the southern Utica deposit, defined as southern Jefferson, Belmont, eastern Guernsey, Harrison, Monroe and Noble counties, according to today’s statement.
 YPF also said it sold part of the acreage it acquired from Apache in the vast shale deposit known as Vaca Muerta in western Argentina to Pluspetrol SA for $217 million.
 Wayne Hughes, has acquired more than 21,000 rental homes across at least 22 states in the US.
 “It seems so clear to me that private sector growth is the single most important thing today that can help Africa continue to develop economically, create jobs and create economic growth” Growth Potential During his tenure as CEO, Diamond sought to boost Barclays’s profitability by combining its African operations with those of Absa Group Ltd, the South African lender in which it acquired a majority stake in July 2005.
 Last year, Rakuten acquired digital content platform Viki Inc.
 In 2012, it acquired Wuakitv, a Europe-based video-on-demand and streaming service, and led a group that acquired a minority stake in Pinterest for $100 million.
 “When it was put in place it was pretty common practice, but over time we’ve seen the decline in these types of programs” Clark joined Toronto-Dominion in 2000 after it acquired Canada Trust’s parent CT Financial Services Inc, where he was president and CEO.
 Fortress Investment Group LLC, a New York-based private-equity firm, acquired Brookdale in 2000 and took the company public five years later.
 The carmaker started buying stock in the Swedish manufacturer in 2000, and acquired majority voting control in March 2008.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Julius Baer Group Ltd, Switzerland’s third-biggest wealth manager, said profit fell last year as it absorbed Merrill Lynch businesses acquired from Bank of America Corp.
 Merrill Acquisition Gross margin, a measure of operating income divided by managed assets, at the Merrill Lynch businesses being acquired was 70 basis points in the second half of the year, weakening the margin of the combined businesses to 91 basis points.
 Assets may be reported as units are acquired or transferred and before Julius Baer moves the deposits to one or more of its seven booking centers in Europe, Asia and the Caribbean.
 Some Merrill Lynch clients chose to follow their financial advisers elsewhere, rather than move their wealth to Julius Baer, and others were refused for compliance reasons, resulting in net outflows from units being acquired, Julius Baer said.
 The company in 2012 acquired Zug, Switzerland-based Actavis and took on the Actavis name.
 The unit, which was acquired in 2004 and provides personal loans, may sell for $500 million to $700 million, Reuters reported earlier today.
 In addition, directors of a target company acquired through a hostile bid may not be removed before the end of their term, Marceau proposes.
 Hedge funds and private-equity firms are approaching ship management companies about hiring them to run acquired fleets, according to Jason Klopfer, Westport, Connecticut-based commercial director of Navig8 Group, which operates 248 tankers and bulkers, up from 175 a year ago.
 Bain, which has about $70 billion in assets under management, acquired Atento from Madrid-based Telefonica SA in December 2012 for about 1 billion euros ($14 billion), according to a statement at the time.
 YouTube, acquired by Google in 2006, generated $56 billion in gross advertising sales in 2013, according to EMarketer Inc.
 Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America acquired Merrill Lynch in 2009.
 ONO is one of the few large cable assets that remain available in Europe after Vodafone acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AG and Liberty Global bought Virgin Media Inc.
 The company in 2012 acquired the Swiss-based generics company Actavis and took on the Actavis name.
 “Obviously, I am a Westerner and was born and raised in San Francisco, and although I spent a lot of my career in Asia, in Japan, Korea and China, I really believe there is a huge opportunity in the West that is largely untapped” Nexon took stakes in four companies last year and acquired a fifth to help gain North American users.
 A financial investor acquired a 15 percent equity stake in Univision last month for $125 million, which would value Televisa’s investment at $3 billion instead of the $2 billion the Mexican company calculated itself, Angoitia said.
 The company has “several hundred megawatts of wind projects in the pipeline at different stages of development” PGE and Polish utility Energa SA acquired wind farms from Dong Energy A/S and Iberdrola SA last year for a combined $584 million, increasing the share of renewables in their generation mix.
 Glickstein reported in February 2012 that he held a 5 percent stake in Barnes & Noble, acquired for a total of $16 million.
 The company also acquired the Constancia copper project in Peru by buying Norsemont Mining Inc.
 Bid Rejection In August 2010, HudBay acquired an 11 percent stake in Augusta.
 The company acquired Bresnan Broadband Holdings LLC in July for $163 billion, which helped add 63,000 residential customers and 16,000 commercial subscribers last quarter.
 The sites were granted to Moon Ocean Ltd, a business subsequently acquired by Chinese Estates, while Ao was still in office, according to a separate filing.
 Supervalu acquired more than1,110 Albertsons stores, while Cerberus led a group thatseparately picked up 655 sites, mostly in Florida and thewestern US.
 Glencore acquired Xstrata in a $29 billion all-share takeover that closed in 2013.
 2 grocery-store operator in the US, agreed yesterday to be acquired by Cerberus’s Albertsons for about $40 a share.
 “They’ve responded by cutting underperforming routes, but then that decreases their utilization rate of their planes” Air travel demand growth has trailed behind capacity as low-cost carriers acquired aircraft.
 “My father could be seen as representative of the old school,” he said, while Marron represented “a hard-charging new school” Paine Webber was acquired by UBS AG, based in Zurich, in 2000.
 CEO Walsh has also set up Iberia Express with less-generous employee contracts and acquired control of Barcelona-based discount carrier Vueling SA.
 Blackstone acquired La Quinta in January 2006 for about $3 billion.
March 20 (Bloomberg) -- MModal Inc, acquired less than two years ago by JPMorgan Chase & Co’s investment arm, sought bankruptcy protection to cut debt taken on in the leveraged buyout as hospitals and doctors shift away from its medical-transcription services.
 One Equity Partners, which manages about $14 billion of private investments for JPMorgan, acquired MModal in August 2012 in a deal valued at $11 billion.
 Wells Fargo Didn’t Abandon ABD Marks, Appeals Court Says Wells Fargo & Co’s use of the trademarks of a company it acquired is sufficient to defeat a claim of trademark abandonment, a federal appeals court ruled March 3.
 The appeals court said a lower court improperly determined that the San Francisco-based bank had abandoned trademarks belonging to ABD Insurance & Financial Services, which it acquired in 2007.
 Prince’s “Untitled (Cowboy),” which was also acquired in 2001, is valued at $1 million to $15 million.
 Kmart acquired Sears Roebuck in 2005 in a $123 billion takeover that Lampert said would create a company with the geographic reach and scale to compete with Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 Disney acquired Pixar in 2006.
 The review “is part of a pre-determined and orchestrated plan to expropriate the company’s legally-acquired mining rights,” it said.
 Rebuilding Brand MCM was acquired in 2005 by Sungjoo Group, a South Korean fashion retailer founded by Kim who has since rebuilt the German brand to cater for the tastes of young Asian consumers, she said.
 investment firm Baron Capital has acquired almost a quarter of all shares made available on the New York Stock Exchange by Manchester United, the record 20-time English soccer champion that’s struggling this season.
 The social-media company acquired Oculus VR Inc, which makes a virtual-reality headset.
 It was acquired in January 2011 by Irving Place Capital Management LP.
 Bank of America acquired Countrywide in 2008.
 “We are consistently executing our strategy of unlocking value from our investments by taking larger stakes and more projects with operatorship within our upstream portfolio” OMV, which holds 22 licenses in West of Shetland, was involved in last year’s biggest North Sea transaction when it acquired stakes in Norway and the UK.
 After failing to find a buyer for the whole business, the New York-based firm has been selling off pieces, including its fixed-income business, which was acquired by Guggenheim Partners LLC, one person said.
 said it acquired some research, sales and trading operations -- totaling about 29 staff -- from Lazard Capital.
 after agreeing to be acquired in an all-stock deal with Caracal Energy.
 The company last acquired 40 new leases in a June 2012 sale.
 Return on equity in the South Korean banking industry had fallen to about 3 percent, compared with a “mid-teens” rate in 2005 when Standard Chartered acquired its main business in the country, Bindra said in an interview from Hong Kong with Bloomberg Television’s Angie Lau today.
March 18 (Bloomberg) -- Grupo Corporativo Ono SA Chairman Jose Maria Castellano plans to step down after the Spanish cable provider agreed to be acquired by Vodafone Group Plc, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 “Looking ahead to 2014, we believe investors will focus on JBS’s ability to further deleverage its balance sheet after absorbing Seara, where we believe most of the execution risk lies going forward” Chief Executive Officer Wesley Batista told reporters in New York today that he is “confident” that Seara will report strong figures this year as JBS works to integrate the newly acquired company into its business.
 It also acquired mobile-data operator Scartel for $118 billion last year to add wireless spectrum and fend off competition.
 The 577-location chain agreed to be acquired by Apollo in a deal valued at $13 billion.
 Leucadia, based in New York, acquired Jefferies in March 2013.
 Julius Baer also provides services for Latin Americans from offices in Montevideo, Santiago and Nassau, Bahamas and is developing a business in Panama acquired from Bank of America as its cross-border hub for the region.
 After one of its hepatitis C compounds had setbacks in early testing, Gilead acquired Sovaldi by buying Pharmasset Inc.
 1933: The Post is acquired by Eugene Meyer in a bankruptcy sale.
 CBRE Global Investors acquired the building on behalf of the investor group.
 JPMorgan’s Strategic Property Fund last year acquired two core buildings in New York, the 31-story office tower at 425 Lexington Ave.
 26 to be acquired by Imerys for $4275 a share.
March 25 (Bloomberg) -- Hanco, a Saudi Arabian auto rental company, said it acquired UAE-based Byrne Investments from a private-equity group previously owned by HSBC Holdings Plc for 600 million dirhams ($163 million).
 Petronas acquired control of the project through its C$52 billion ($47 billion) takeover of Canada’s Progress Energy in 2012, making it the second-biggest shareholder in British Columbia’s Montney shale-gas area.
 The new company acquired the intellectual property of the original carrier in 2009 and has been working since then to assemble financing to begin operations.
 acquired about a 5 percent stake in Vice Media last year, according to Smith.
 Aiming to capitalize on electronic-cigarette growth, the company acquired Blu eCigs in 2012 and Skycig in 2013.
 Berkshire’s MidAmerican Energy last year acquired electricity provider NV Energy and had $43 billion of capital spending.
 Gillette, acquired by P&G in 2005, unveiled its Gillette for Women Venus razor in 2000, a successful move, Avery said The brand had previously introduced an even more feminine sounding product in 1915 called Milady Decollete.
 agreed to be acquired by MTS, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group Plc for $15 million.
 Montagu, Ares and Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity acquired Euromedic from Warburg Pincus LLC and GE Capital Equity Investments in 2008, according to Euromedic’s website.
 (LUK), acquired theshares for $11 each, bringing its total holding to 225 millionshares, according to a regulatory filing today.
 said in an interview yesterday that his company in the last six months has acquired 250,000 acres in the field that spans from Texas to Mississippi.
 In February, it acquired 20 percent in Dianping, the operator of a Yelp-like website in China, to strengthen location-based services.
 The new version of Pulse, which LinkedIn acquired last year for $90 million, is set to leverage information on a person’s career history, seniority and connections to show more relevant articles, said Ryan Roslansky, the company’s director of content product management.
 Flipboard, a news reading application, this month acquired competitor Zite from CNN.
 in June 2013 for $370 million and has been combining it with IQiyicom, which it acquired in 2012.
 acquired a 50-megawatt power plant in Wuwei, Gansu province, Trina said today in a statement.
 company, which was acquired by Tyco International Ltd.
 company and will offer shares by the end of April, said Cerrone, a former director of Inhibitex Inc, acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
 acquired the company for $124 million in 2006, and the Spades left.
 New York-based Blackstone acquired Irving, Texas-based subprime lender Exeter Finance Corp.
 The possible deal between Bank Asya and QIB comes after Commercial Bank of Qatar QSC acquired 71 percent of Alternatifbank AS last year.
 Quebecor, the media company that acquired wireless spectrum in the most recent government auction, increased 2 percent to C$2529.
 is focusing on expanding on-the-go usage for StreetEasycom, the New York City property-listings website it acquired in August, with plans to introduce a mobile application for more devices this year.
 Andreessen from their boardrooms, companies like EBay prefer to manage potential directors’ conflicts through scrupulous governance practices and full transparency” Skype Deals EBay acquired Skype, a popular service for communicating via video chats, in 2005 and took a writedown of $14 billion on the unit two years later after it underperformed.
 acquired all of Skype for $85 billion.
 Founding Chairmen Bumi Resources acquired an 80 percent stake in Arutmin from BHP Billiton Ltd, the biggest mining company, in 2001 for $148 million.
 Trading Surge Mercuria could use third-party financiers to fund some assets or business lines acquired from JPMorgan or may sell assets it believes aren’t core to its business, the person said.
 Former Dock Located 6 miles from London’s main financial district, the airport opened in 1987 and was acquired by American International Group Inc.
 Ad Spending Spotify acquired EchoNest, a company that analyzes listening behavior and makes music recommendations, the company announced today, without providing financial terms.
 China Medical will continue working with Kangzhe Pharmaceutical Research & Development (Shenzhen) Ltd, from which it acquired the Chinese patents for CMS024, for the next steps of development of the treatment, with Kangzhe continuing to sponsor trials, according to the filing.
 ESPN, the sports cable network controlled by Walt Disney Co, acquired Silver’s site in July, joining other media companies investing in online content, including NBC Universal’s backing of technology blog Re/code last year and Time Warner Inc’s purchase of the sports site Bleacher Report in 2012.
 Sinochem acquired Carlyle’s stake in Sinorgchem in 2012.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire John Paulson’s hedge fund has acquired a 45 percent stake in Royal KPN NV, the Dutch telephone operator whose biggest shareholder is Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB de CV.
 Carlyle acquired PQ, which makes products that are used in everything from marking highways to whitening teeth, for $15 billion in 2007.
 Crew, whose clothes have been worn by celebrities such as Michelle Obama, was acquired by TPG and Leonard Green more than three years ago.
March 5 (Bloomberg) -- Atlas Copco AB said British vacuum-pump maker Edwards Group Ltd, acquired in August, increased profitability last year and will further benefit from the combination with the world’s largest maker of air compressors.
 When CCMP and Unitas acquired Edwards, the company’s production was largely in the United Kingdom, CCMP Chairman Greg Brenneman said by phone.
 The world’s biggest exporter of power-station coal wrote down the value of assets acquired in the Xstrata takeover by $77 billion in August to reflect “the broader negative mining-industry environment” It reported a full-year net loss of $74 billion on the writedowns.
 The rulings are a blow to Munich-based patent holding company IPCom, which has sued mobile-device makers over technology it acquired from Robert Bosch GmbH in 2007.
 “That they didn’t care much is especially obvious for Allianz, which acquired a stake in FC Bayern long after the tax evasion issue became public knowledge” Hoeness has been a member of the management of FC Bayern since 1979.
 Pearson, which acquired Embanet Compass in 2012 for $650 million, already supports online-learning programs for Arizona State University and the University of California, the Sun reported.
 Sprint is spending about $7 billion this year on network construction, refitting its former Nextel network and incorporating the added airwaves acquired with the takeover of Clearwire Corp.
 Best Seller Founded in Rochester, New York, in 1937 and acquired by Unilever in 1987, Ragu accounts for about 40 percent of Unilever’s $12 billion pasta-sauce sales, according to data tracker Euromonitor International and Liberum Capital.
 When the company bought African Platinum Plc and acquired Leeuwkop in 2007, a labor-intensive approach was considered for the prospect, said Johan Theron, an Impala spokesman.
 He acquired his Charter stake last year with an eye toward making further investments in the industry, only to be thwarted by Comcast’s surprise agreement to buy Time Warner Cable for $452 billion.
 Insurers, regulators and lawmakers are calling for changes to the German rules, which the industry says have led to distortion as insurers pay windfalls to clients from reserves acquired when interest rates were high.
 Panasonic acquired a Turkey-based wiring company last year for about $460 million.
 The company was publicly traded until 2007 when it was acquired by the group of private equity firms under the name LVB Acquisition Inc.
 The company acquired Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 Deutsche Bank AG last year settled a lawsuit by Los Angeles alleging the bank had become the city’s biggest slumlord because, as trustee for mortgage-backed securities, it had acquired title to thousands of foreclosed properties.
 mortgage lender before being acquired by Bank of America in 2008, were more likely to be put in subprime loans if they were black or Hispanic, even when they qualified for lower-cost loans, according to the federal government’s claims.
 Chairman Ian Gibson said that the company’s board “backs the plan and the executive” Morrison will also sell its Kiddicare business, a baby-equipment retailer, which it acquired in 2011 for 70 million pounds.
 Apollo Global Management LLC and TPG Capital acquired the company in a $307 billion buyout in 2008, just as the financial crisis gripped Las Vegas.
 ‘Umpteen Airlines’ “We were offered umpteen airlines that today have eitherbeen acquired or are in the process,” Al Baker said.
 BRE agreed in December to be acquired by Essex Property Trust Inc.
 Under the previous three-year authorization for as many as 100 million shares, which expired at the end of last month, Verizon acquired only 35 million shares, it said today in a statement.
 SABMiller acquired almost 50 companies in the last decade, including Foster’s Group Ltd.
 The company acquired 537 million Turkish lira of NPLs from Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS in December, according to its website.
 acquired startups offering technology that helps Internet publishers maximize their advertising revenue.
 “At the same time, it’s a business we’ve got to evolve and upgrade in a short period of time to survive” Twitter acquired MoPub Inc.
 Aggregate Bond Index, which follows the broad debt markets, as well as indexes acquired as part of the London-based bank’s acquisition of assets from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 Crew, acquired by TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2011, may be valued that highly in a sale to the Japanese retailer or in an initial public offering, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 Diageo, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay last year when it purchased control of its Indian parent, United Spirits Ltd.
 “They’ve got good TV stations and a growing digital business” Tribune acquired Local TV Holdings LLC’s 19 TV stations for $273 billion in December, the same month Gannett closed its $15 billion purchase of Belo Corp.
 Al Jazeera acquired Current TV for about $500 million last year.
March 13 (Bloomberg) -- Apollo Global Management LLC, which acquired Chuck E.
 The private-equity firm gained almost 600 restaurants and arcades when it acquired the chain’s owner, CEC Entertainment Inc, in a deal valued at $13 billion.
 “Twitter has been used as a means to carry out systematic character assassinations by circulating illegally acquired recordings, fake and fabricated records of wiretapping” Turkey has said it will lift restrictions on Twitter when the company complies with the nation’s requests.
 Gates, which is based in Denver, was acquired in 1996 by London-based Tomkins Ltd.
 He offered to sell 850 million pounds worth of the bond to the central bank that afternoon, including the amount he’d acquired earlier in the day, at a price that was inflated because of Stevenson’s trading.
 Cantor officials this month said they acquired hedge fund Fintan Partners LLC as part of a push to expand its money-management business.
 fund manager in talks to be acquired by Canada’s Bank of Montreal, said it faces “significant headwinds” in 2014 as withdrawals by investors crimp revenue.
 Hoettges is now taking a long-term view in the US, focusing on holding onto newly acquired customers and turning T-Mobile’s pay-as-you-go clients into more profitable monthly subscribers, they said, asking not to be identified because the meeting was private.
 Playdom, a maker of games for social media that Disney acquired for $563 million in 2010, has also struggled to come up with hits as the business shifted to mobile and customers balked at paying even 99 cents for games, Pitaro said.
March 14 (Bloomberg) -- Liberty Global Plc, the cable company controlled by billionaire John Malone, said it acquired the remainder of shares in Chile’s largest cable operator in exchange for about $422 million of its stock.
 Liberty Global acquired the remaining 20 percent of outstanding shares in VTR GlobalCom SpA and VTR Wireless SpA from a subsidiary of Corp Group Holding Inversiones Limitada in return for 101 million of its own Class C ordinary shares, it said in a statement today.
 “Today’s enforcement action is a cautionary tale about what happens when an audit committee chair fails to perform his gatekeeper function in the face of massive red flags” The fraud began in 2008 when AgFeed’s top management acquired 29 Chinese farms for its new hog production division, according to the SEC complaint, which was filed in federal court in Nashville, Tennessee.
 Buffett has acquired smaller dailies such as Alabama’s Dothan Eagle and Nebraska’s Kearney Hub with the idea that they would be crucial sources of local information with few competitors.
 Berkshire shut down one of the publications it acquired from Media General Inc.
 The bulk of Abramovich’s $14 billion wealth, according to the Bloomberg Billionaire’s Index, came from the sale of OAO Sibneft, the oil company he acquired for about $100 million in 1996.
 Outlays for services, specifically in the health-care area, could move higher again after a surge in January, as individuals utilize newly acquired medical insurance” US.
 Triton acquired Stabilus in 2010 as part of a plan that involved a financial restructuring.
 More than $14 billion of projects have been posted online since 2001 with Freelancer and companies it has acquired.
 Tesla, based in Palo Alto, California, operates Ohio stores in Columbus and Cincinnati and will be permitted to add a third as long as the company isn’t sold or acquired and doesn’t produce anything other than all-electric vehicles, under the legislation worked out yesterday.
 Vedanta acquired Cairn India for $867 billion in 2011.
 “I would see a period of awkwardness and discomfort, but nothing so dramatic as a withdrawal” BP’s stake in Rosneft, which it acquired as a long-term holding, is now worth about $13 billion.
 “When Philip Morris acquired the company they had a commitment to keep the company listed,” said Warsito, who helped advise the Philip Morris on the deal as President Director of brokerage PT Bahana Securities.
 New York-based Jefferies, which was acquired by Leucadia National Corp.
 Then in 2006, IAC acquired 51 percent of its parent, bringing Vimeo into the ranks of Diller’s holding company.
 The company has acquired 775 million shares since 2012.
 Some of the rent paid by a tenant recently acquired by Par Petroleum is scheduled to be reset to fair market value on April 1, according to CommonWealth’s statement.
 Facebook has gathered data from Instagram, a photo-sharing service it acquired in 2012, according to the complaint.
 FXCM owns a 501 percent stake in the acquired Infinium operations, which were consolidated into a new unit called V3 Markets, while FXCM subsidiary Lucid Markets Trading Ltd.
 acquired in 2010, sold $500 million of 375 percent, 10-year notes to yield 110 basis points more than benchmarks and $1 billion of 49 percent, 30-year debentures with a relative yield of 128 basis points, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “Given the sheer amount of product available, we foresee a huge amount of bank-owned real estate and non-performing loan portfolios being sold in coming months” Spanish banks acquired the assets after companies and homeowners defaulted during the country’s worst economic slowdown in 50 years.
 Also today, Starwood Capital Group said in a news release that it had acquired an undisclosed minority stake in the team, giving it the ability to become a real estate capital partner in the stadium project.
 Merrill Lynch wealth units acquired from Bank of America in 2012.
 “While Banamex is a subsidiary of Citi, it is absolutely subject to the same risk, control, anti-money laundering and technology standards and oversight which are required throughout the company” Corporate Interference Banamex, acquired in 2001, is the biggest unit in Citigroup’s Latin America operations, which account for about 20 percent of total revenue.
 The obligations are the result of the buyout, when Apollo Global Management LLC and TPG Capital acquired the company, then named Harrah’s Entertainment Co, in a $307 billion deal.
 MidOcean Partners LP acquired Sbarro in January 2007 for $417 million.
March 26 (Bloomberg) -- GDF Suez SA, owner of Europe’s biggest natural-gas network, has acquired UK.
 Alibaba Value When Usmanov acquired a Facebook stake in 2009, his fundpersuaded founder Mark Zuckerberg to sell by giving up itsvoting rights.
 Since then, Volkswagen, which also makes vans and owns high-end carmakers Bentley and Lamborghini, has acquired Porsche and taken control of heavy-truck producers MAN SE and Scania AB.
 The reinsurer is being acquired from investors including Stone Point Capital, Kelso & Co.
 Facebook bought photo-sharing service Instagram a few weeks after the 2012 conference, and Yahoo acquired Tumblr after last year’s event.
 Waha, which acquired Anglo Arabian Healthcare group last year, also expects the UAE’s northern sheikdoms to impose compulsory insurance, Al Noaimi said.
 Bridgepoint acquired Infinitas from Wolters Kluwer NV for 774 million euros in 2007.
 The financing is to build the Val Caron solar farm, which is being acquired by Concord Green Energy Inc, Guelph, Ontario-based Canadian Solar said today in a statement.
 Total, Europe’s third-largest oil producer, acquired 401 percent of the Elk and Antelope fields, leaving InterOil with 355 percent, the companies said this week.
 “WhatsApp being acquired for $19 billion or Viber being acquired for $900 million indicates that voice is a significant opportunity,” Chief Operating Officer Tim McDonald said in a March 13 telephone interview.
 The insurer had claimed JPMorgan and firms the bank had acquired misrepresented the quality of loans included in securitizations.
 Leucadia acquired Jefferies in a $32 billion deal in March 2013 that the companies said would help the New York-based investment bank weather market turmoil.
 Al Jazeera acquired Current TV for about $500 million last year.
 Total acquired 401 percent of the exploration license containing the Elk and Antelope gas fields, InterOil said today in a statement.
 Ergen Sued LightSquared and Harbinger sued Ergen, in an effort to have his claim thrown out because, they say, it was improperly acquired.
 Home Loans Jefferies, which was acquired by Leucadia National Corp.
 BlackRock helped the New York Fed manage and then auction mortgage-linked assets that were acquired as part of AIG’s bailout.
 Supermarket Portfolio Cerberus led an investor group last year that acquired Supervalu Inc’s Albertsons, Acme, Jewel-Osco, Shaw’s and Star Market grocery stores in a transaction valued at about $33 billion.
 The alleged payment scheme began in 2003 when Michael Reinstein, an Illinois physician, agreed to prescribe generic clozapine to his patients if IVAX LLC, a company later acquired by Teva, paid him $50,000 under a one-year consulting contract, according to the department.
 in September 2010 and Community & Southern Bank, about 30 miles to the west in Carrollton, acquired the deposits.
 Douglas County Bank, with $314 million in deposits, was acquired last April by Hamilton State Bank of Hoschton, about 70 miles northeast of Douglasville.
 Last year, New York-based CBS acquired a stake in a company called Syncbak that lets local TV stations stream their programming online.
 While WL Ross and Fairfax each acquired 93 percent of Bank of Ireland, their stake fell when the lender sold 580 million euros of shares in December to partly refinance the state’s 48 billion-euro bailout of the lender since 2009.
 The cutbacks follow the sale of the Polvo field last year, the conclusion of a drilling campaign and as the company prepares to wait two or three years to beginning drilling in blocks acquired last year, according to the statement.
 In May, it acquired more stakes in the region in an auction and still plans to do seismic studies.
 Travel Network The offering marks a return to the public markets by Sabre after TPG Capital and Silver Lake Management LLC acquired it for about $5 billion, including debt, in 2006.
 Family Control UCP acquired Telegram LLC, Digital Fortress and Pictograph from Axel Neff, a former Telegram manager in the US, Alexander Chaychits, a spokesman for UCP, said by e-mail.
 It acquired 58 percent of Tianjin HuaYong Wireless Technology Ltd.
 Basel, Switzerland-based Roche, the world’s largest maker of cancer medicines, acquired the compound, known as CP-870893 from VLST in 2013.
April 1 (Bloomberg) -- Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd, Formula One’s only publicly traded team, sold a hybrid unit it acquired in 2010 to engineering company GKN Land Systems Ltd.
 acquired three Australian mines from Barrick last year for about $300 million, paying around $115 per reserve ounce, the Johannesburg-based producer said in an August statement.
 A purchase of NorthStar would add to American Realty’s nontraded REIT fundraising and management business, which it acquired with its purchase of Cole.
 was about to be acquired by Brocade Communications Systems (BRCD) Inc, was followed by SAC Capital’s decision to obtain 120,000 Foundry shares, according to the regulator.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Prudential Plc, the UK’s biggest insurer, said the Ghanaian life insurance business it acquired in December may become profitable after four years.
 MetLife was fined $60 million by New York regulators in March after the watchdogs found that subsidiaries it acquired in the deal solicited business in the state without a license.
 The refining-to-retail conglomerate, seeking to tap the world’s fastest growing smartphone market, has also leased or acquired 15,000 sites to build more towers if needed, said one of the people.
 It’s also more evidence of the commercial success of Marvel studios, acquired by Disney in 2009, which has since churned out monster hits like “Marvel’s The Avengers” and “Iron Man 3” “The key takeaway is this is turning into a huge month and bodes well for the industry,” said Phil Contrino, chief analyst with BoxOfficecom.
 The company split in two in 2011, cleaving off a mobile-phone business that was eventually acquired by Google Inc.
 Falcone’s LightSquared is seeking approval of a bankruptcy exit plan that would put Ergen, who acquired $1 billion in LightSquared debt through SP Special Opportunities, at the back of the line to be repaid and close a two-year battle for control of the company’s airwaves.
 It’s also more evidence of the commercial success of Marvel studios, acquired by Disney in 2009, which has since churned out monster hits like “Marvel’s The Avengers” and “Iron Man 3” “The key takeaway is this is turning into a huge month and bodes well for the industry,” said Phil Contrino, chief analyst with BoxOfficecom.
 The company acquired domestic cosmetics brand TheFaceShop Ltd.
 unit, which is in the process of being acquired after being pulled into bankruptcy last year.
 Wuxi Suntech is being acquired for 3 billion yuan ($483 million) by Shunfeng Photovoltaic International Ltd, whose shareholders approved the deal on April 7.
 Gilbert had worked since 1998 at Merrill Lynch, which was acquired by Bank of America five years ago.
 Because of a regulatory agreement when Comcast acquired the company from General Electric Co, NBCUniversal has to provide comparable programming “on terms that are economically equivalent” to those of rivals.
 The market is consolidating as some carriers retreat and others are acquired, according to the DLR study published yesterday.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Forest Laboratories Inc, the drugmaker being acquired by Actavis Plc, agreed to buy Furiex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Industrial equipment maker Eaton Corporation Plc acquired Cooper Industries Plc in 2012 and adopted its Irish tax domicile.
 It acquired its 50 percent stake in the company from Salinas for $16 billion in 2012 and invested an additional 159 billion pesos last year.
April 4 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc’s Nest Labs, a digital-thermostat maker acquired earlier this year, is suspending sales of its smoke alarm after it determined the unit could be switched off unintentionally.
 Six companies including Green Smoke, acquired April 1 by Altria Group Inc.
 The division, which sells Fortimel supplements to treat malnutrition, was acquired as part of a takeover of Royal Numico NV that also gave Danone brands including Nutricia and Cow & Gate.
 Trust unit, acquired from Charles Schwab Corp.
 The IPO marks a return for IMS to the public markets after it was acquired by a group of private-equity funds four years ago.
 Mexican regulators repeatedly blocked the sale of the local unit and Sherwin in September acquired the US.
 Primary dealers acquired 365 percent, compared with an average of 426 percent at the past 10 sales.
 ‘No Need’ Wang, who said she owns 20 percent of the company and has ruled out being acquired, expressed confidence in HTC as a public company.
 Fashion and leather-goods sales were “stellar,” as Loro Piana, the cashmere clothier LVMH acquired last year, contributed “significantly,” said the analyst, who has an outperform recommendation on the stock.
 The company split in two in 2011, cleaving off a mobile-phone business that was eventually acquired by Google Inc.
 Using its ad network, acquired in last year’s purchase of MoPub, Twitter has said it can reach more than 1 billion phones.
 Geothermal Inc, the Boise, Idaho-based developer of renewable-energy projects, acquired development rights for a 368-acre site in Oregon to evaluate the potential for new power plants.
 The rights were acquired from private landowners, Malheur County and the city of Vale, US.
 “They wanted it, and they wanted to start their renovations” Cash Buyers Proceeds from the sale of the co-op, which the Wolfs acquired from a family member in 2008, helped them chip away at student loans and make a down payment on a five-bedroom home on Long Island, she said.
 Imperva is also in the midst of integrating two cloud security companies it acquired in the fourth quarter.
 Freeport, which also produces gold and molybdenum, last year acquired two oil and natural gas companies in transactions valued at about $9 billion, excluding assumed debt.
 It acquired Florida-based MobAff in July and Israeli ad company Adquant’s social advertising agency in October.
 The loan to SL Green Realty Corp, which acquired the two-building complex in the city’s Tribeca neighborhood from Citigroup at the start of the financial crisis in 2007, will be packaged into bonds and marketed to investors next month, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations aren’t public.
 His firm’s 84 percent stake in Hartford was acquired for $9278 million, or about $2471 a share, the filing shows.
 Ownership Change Located 6 miles from London’s main financial district, the airport opened in 1987 and was acquired by American International Group Inc.


 Berkshire acquired an $8 billionpreferred stake, while Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G Capital tookcharge of operations.
 Gaining Share To make more money from Facebook’s massive user base, Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg is building out a mobile portfolio that already includes Instagram, the photo-sharing app acquired in 2012, Facebook’s Messenger service and Paper, a magazine-like news feature.
 The partners agreed to buy out Eni last year, and OAO Rosneft, Russia’s state-run oil producer, acquired Enel’s stake.
 Novatek acquired Rosneft’s stake in an asset-swap deal that closed in December.

 Gates was acquired in 1996 by London-based Tomkins Ltd, which was purchased 14 years later for about $45 billion by Onex and Canada Pension Plan.

 Blackstone acquired Hilton in 2007 for $26 billion, a transaction completed by the firm’s private-equity and real estate units.
 Lingerie Shop Lindex, which was acquired by Helsinki-based Stockmann in 2007, started as a lingerie shop 60 years ago and now has more than 470 wholly owned and franchise stores in the Nordic region, eastern Europe, Russia and the Middle East.
 Google acquired a minority stake in Vevo last year in a deal that valued the company at more than $500 million, said two people with knowledge of the situation at the time.
 France’s government can intervene to protect companies it deems to be of national importance from being acquired.
 searches for a way to avoid being acquired, Sterne Agee Group Inc.
 Verizon acquired Vodafone Group Plc’s 45 percent stake in the mobile-phone unit on Feb.
 Banamex, which Citigroup acquired in 2001, is the biggest unit in the bank’s Latin America operations, which account for about 20 percent of total revenue.
 Resignations A 226 million-pound writedown of the value of supermarket chain Somerfield, acquired in 2009 for 157 billion pounds, also contributed to the company’s loss last year.
 Yahoo has long benefited from its stake in Alibaba, which goes back to a 2005 deal when the Web portal acquired a piece of the Chinese company for $1 billion.
 in June 2013 for $370 million and has been combining it with IQiyicom, which it acquired in 2012.
 Baidu, owner of China’s most-popular search engine, has invested in and acquired services to help it compete with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.

 As in the US, the French government can intervene to protect companies deemed to be of national importance from being acquired.
 ‘’The more obvious candidates, certainly in wealth management, have already been acquired’’ The firm’s National Bank Financial unit is opening an office in Hong Kong this year focused on fixed income and Canadian equities, and a Dublin branch that will specialize in derivatives, Vachon said.
 It acquired a Turkey-based wiring company last year for about $460 million.
 “The business acquired gets lost in the mix and you lose that flexibility.
 Two locally acquired cases were reported in Nice, France, in 2010.
 Apple said yesterday it acquired the UK-based software company without disclosing how much it paid.
 In addition to Novauris, Apple has acquired PrimeSense Ltd, the maker of motion-tracking chip technology; Topsy Labs Inc, a data-analytics firm; and mapping software company Broadmap.
 As it acquired NBCUniversal in 2011, Comcast agreed to abide by the FCC’s net-neutrality rules until 2018.
 HSBC Holdings Plc bought Lloyds operations for $769 million in 2012, while Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC acquired RBS retail banking assets in 2010.
 ‘Same Rules’ The ruling “says essentially that banks and other players in the mortgage industry have to play by the same rules as other property owners,” said Richard Rothschild, an attorney for renter Rosario Nativi, who lost her possessions and Sunnyvale, California, home in 2009 after the homeowner defaulted on the mortgage, unbeknown to Nativi, and the bank acquired the property.
 Deutsche Bank, as trustee, acquired the home, which had a two-bedroom garage rental unit, after the owner defaulted on the mortgage.
 Nativi appealed and a three-judge appeals court panel reversed that decision, saying Deutsche Bank stepped into the landlord’s shoes when it acquired the home and had to honor the existing lease until it expired 10 months later or a new owner moved in and gave the tenants 90 days’ notice.
 The case was filed by renters who said the bank failed to honor their lease on a property it acquired through foreclosure in June 2012.
 KKR, which acquired a 635 percent stake in Visma in 2010, has offered a number of its larger investors the chance to buy shares, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The success of “Captain America: Winter Soldier” provides more evidence of the money-making power of Marvel studios, acquired by Disney for about $4 billion four years ago.
April 14 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Securities Co, China’s largest brokerage by market value, acquired a stake in US.
 Kovalik, 49, rose to head of equity trading at Montgomery Securities, which was acquired by a Bank of America predecessor in 1997.
 It acquired 58 percent of Tianjin HuaYongWireless Technology Ltd.
April 18 (Bloomberg) -- Mobilicity, the struggling Canadian wireless company, agreed to be acquired by Telus Corp.
 has acquired mobile-fitness application Moves, as the social network jumps into the increasingly popular fitness-tracking market.
 Pending final approval from regulators, AT&T will use some of the Wireless Communications Service, or WCS, spectrum it acquired in 2012 to transmit the LTE signal to the planes, Stankey said.
 Last year, Shire acquired eye-drug maker SARcode Bioscience Inc.
 Last year, Google acquired Waze, which help users navigate traffic with smartphones, for almost $1 billion.
 African Ambitions During his tenure as CEO, Diamond sought to boost Barclays’s profitability by combining its African operations with those of Absa Group Ltd, the South African lender in which it acquired a majority stake in 2005.
 Moulin Stake Motier SAS, the holding company of France’s Moulin family, this week said it acquired 61 percent of Carrefour.
 Today the social network said it had also acquired fitness-tracking app Moves.
 The Swiss company is the new home of several executives from Cognis, acquired by BASF SE for $38 billion in 2010.
 “We do have a unique position” BP acquired 20 percent of OAO Rosneft last year as part of an exchange for its half of Russia’s third-largest oil company.
 Blucora Inc, owner of the InfoSpace search business, acquired HowStuffWorks in an all-cash deal, according to a filing today.
 Discovery, whose cable channels include TLC and Animal Planet, will keep providing advertising services to the website it acquired for $250 million in 2007.
 Two years ago, she ruled that Allstate couldn’t hold Bank of America liable as the parent company of the mortgage lender it acquired in 2008.
 “The group is flush with cash from their Verizon deal and are using it to scale up in markets such as India, where data traffic is showing 70 to 100 percent growth year on year” Piramal said it had acquired the Vodafone India stake at an average price of 1,290 rupees in fiscal 2012.
 It acquired 63 percent of the shares and sent a letter to the company calling for a review of its strategy.





 was acquired last year by SoftBank Corp.
 Macquarie and Mercuria didn’t need Masters to run the acquired business, according to the people involved in the process.
April 16 (Bloomberg) -- Capital Stage AG, a German clean-energy investor, acquired 51 percent of a 12-megawatt wind farm under development in eastern Germany.
 While startup Oculus VR Inc, acquired by Facebook Inc.
 Jan Koum, CEO of messaging company WhatsApp Inc, which is being acquired by Facebook, saw his net worth decline 55 percent to $62 billion.
 Related Accident Recalls this year by Chrysler, which Turin, Italy-based Fiat acquired full control of in January, have involved headlamp components and brake-hose flaws.
 In 2005, Iceland’s Landsbanki acquired control of the company before management bought it back four years later, after Icelandic authorities seized the lender.
 Pangaea has since acquired real estate in Greece and Italy and currently has assets totaling 12 billion euros, the people said.
 “The company has to look after both” A deal for the company to be acquired by a Macquarie Group Ltd.
 As it acquired NBCUniversal in 2011, Comcast agreed to abide by the FCC’s net-neutrality rules until 2018.
 Takeover Rules As in the US, the French government can intervene to protect companies deemed to be of national importance from being acquired.
 Two renters sued over their eviction from a foreclosed home the Frankfurt-based company acquired in 2009 as trustee for a mortgage-backed security that contained a loan on the property.
 Deutsche Bank, as trustee, acquired the home, which had a two-bedroom garage rental unit, after the owner defaulted on the mortgage.
 The San Jose appeals court said Deutsche Bank stepped into the landlord’s shoes when it acquired the home and had to honor the existing lease until it expired 10 months later or a new owner moved in and gave the tenants 90 days’ notice.
 Katarina Wenk-Bodenmiller, a spokeswoman for West Palm Beach, Florida-based loan servicer Ocwen Financial Corp, which acquired American Home, said by phone the company doesn’t comment on ongoing litigation.
 737s, which will seat 143 or 175 passengers, while Southwest retires an undisclosed number of 143-seaters and removes 66 smaller Boeing 717s that it acquired with AirTran Holdings in 2011 and has been selling to Delta.
 Shire’s stock has risen 65 percent in the past year through yesterday, outpacing the 12 percent return for the Bloomberg Europe Pharmaceutical Index, in part because of speculation the company would be acquired.
 Pentair, which acquired Tyco International Ltd’s flow-control division in 2012 to tap into the demand for valves with rising energy needs, also forecast second-quarter results below analysts’ estimates.
 The firm acquired puts on the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index before last week’s 27 percent slide, Alain Zeitouni, head of multi-management at Russell Investments France said.
 Ubben didn’t say when his firm acquired or sold the stake.
 Total acquired 401 percent of the Elk and Antelope fields, leaving InterOil with 355 percent.
 “The personal-care business could be acquired by some of the players who don’t have these categories -- some of the European players or global players in Asia -- whoever’s willing to compete against Procter & Gamble and doesn’t have these categories,” said Dibadj.
 VMware acquired AirWatch LLC earlier this year for $154 billion to bolster its line of management programs for mobile devices.
 CME acquired the exchange in 2007.
 The impact is not related to the company, it’s related to the behavior or integrity of the chairman” The commission is asking that the High Court order Chin, the company’s controlling shareholder, to pay $127 million plus related interest to a subsidiary, Decade (HK) Ltd, which acquired Talentlink and Magic Figure.
 Pratt acquired Rolls-Royce’s IAE equity and program share in 2012.
 The company benefited from sales of diabetes medicines it acquired from Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
 EBay acquired the payments business, which accounts for about 40 percent of revenue, in 2002 for $15 billion.
 BP acquired 20 percent of Russia’s OAO Rosneft last year as part of an exchange for its half of Russia’s third-largest oil company.
 “We acquired a lot of wealth-management outlets over recent years all over Western Canada, so we wanted to meet our clients there” National Bank made its first energy loan in Calgary in 1984, and a year later took over Mercantile Bank of Canada, which accelerated plans to expand in Ontario and Western Canada.
 Malaysia-owned Petronas, which acquired Progress Energy in 2012, will hold 62 percent of the integrated project after the sale.
April 25 (Bloomberg) -- Relational Investors LLC, the activist fund co-founded by Ralph Whitworth and David Batchelder, has acquired 908 percent of Clean Harbors Inc.
 DuPont, which acquired enzyme maker Danisco A/S for about $71 billion in 2011, is moving away from the traditional chemicals and coatings that were the mainstay of the 212-year-old company.
 That would have helped fulfill Munk’s ambition of creating a genuine Canadian national mining champion, after a decade in which some of its biggest domestic rivals were acquired by foreign buyers.
 gold miner that Barrick acquired in 2001 for $24 billion.
 He’s motivated by the disappearance of nickel producer Inco Ltd, which was acquired by Brazil’s Vale in 2007; Falconbridge, bought by Xstrata in 2005; and aluminum producer Alcan, purchased by Rio in 2007.
 The firm acquired puts on the S&P 500 last week’s 27 percent slide, Alain Zeitouni, head of multi-management at Russell Investments France said.
 “Thorburn is a motivating and inspirational type of leader,” said Morningstar’s Ellis, who worked with Thorburn at St George Bank, which was acquired by Westpac in 2008.
 VMware acquired AirWatch LLC earlier this year for $154 billion to bolster its line of management programs for mobile devices.
 Exelon, which also owns the electric utility that serves Chicago, acquired Constellation Energy for $736 billion in 2012.
 The bourse, which was acquired by Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd.
 AdMob is the mobile-advertising network Google acquired in 2010.
 Builders were forced to cancel projects as buyers, who acquired properties before they were built, defaulted on thousands of purchases.
 The billionaire could once again join forces with 3G, which is now running the Heinz business the two acquired, Harris said.
 Like Southwest Airlines Co, which acquired Neeleman’s Morris Air venture, Azul aims to create a new market of fliers among Brazil’s middle-class with service often based in secondary airports in a market where costs are lower.
 WellPoint acquired Medicaid provider Amerigroup Corp.
 was acquired by private-equity firms including KKR & Co.
 Eric Syz acquired the stakes of co-founders Alfredo Piacentini and Paolo Luban last month and told employees he has no plans to sell the firm.
 The project will be acquired by Concord Green Energy Inc.
 Since 2011 the Australian has acquired stakes in seven companies spanning Aer Lingus on Europe’s western fringe to Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd.
 “Swiss, back in the day, also acquired a lot of ailing carriers,” Menne said at an event in Frankfurt last October.
 Teams including Ferrari, the oldest and most successful in the sport, considered bidding for Formula One’s commercial rights from ruling body Federation Internationale de l’Automobile in 1995 before Ecclestone acquired them, and had discussions about starting a breakaway series as recently as 2011.
 Loral and PSP acquired Telesat from Canadian telecommunications company BCE Inc, a deal announced in December 2006 valued at about $3 billion including debt.
 In March, Chief Financial Officer Charles Holley said the company hasn’t integrated two local chains, Bompreco and Sonae, acquired in the mid-2000s.
 Last year, Goldman Sachs agreed to sell a majority stake in its Redi trading-technology unit that was based on software acquired when it bought Spear Leeds.
 Petronas, which acquired Progress Energy Canada Ltd.
 Iowa Plant “We are building that plant with the construction company that we bought in Iowa,” Sawiris said, referring to the Weitz Co, which OCI acquired in 2012.
 Geothermal Inc, the Boise, Idaho-based renewable-energy developer, acquired a planned project in northern California from Ram Power Corp.
April 8 (Bloomberg) -- Carrefour SA fell in Paris trading, snapping a five-day winning streak, after the family owners of department store chain Galeries Lafayette acquired a 61 percent stake in France’s biggest retailer.
 The Moulins, descendants of Galeries Lafayette’s founder, acquired a majority stake in the retailer in 2005 and bought the rest in 2009.
 Micron, which has been seeking to consolidate the industry and make it less susceptible to supply gluts, acquired Japanese rival Elpida Memory Inc.
 When this process works, it means our failures are relatively small in size” Bezos also said the company has adopted an employment practice that has long been used at Zappos, the online-shoe retailer Amazon acquired in 2009: It will pay workers to quit.
 Toronto-Dominion acquired Bank of America Corp’s C$736 billion MBNA Canadian MasterCard portfolio in December 2011 and agreed to purchase the C$495 million private-label card portfolio of HSBC Holdings Plc.
 Glencore acquired a 333 percent interest in three oil fields and a 25 percent stake in two other fields in Chad from Caracal in 2012 for a total of $331 million.
 The Internet-search company said yesterday that it acquired Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude, solar-powered satellites that provides access to data services around the world.
 said it acquired Ascenta, a UK-based aerospace company that also works with drones, as part of an effort to deliver the Web to underserved areas.
 Last year, Google acquired Boston Dynamics Inc, which makes robots for the US.
 The other patent at issue in the case, acquired by Samsung in 2011 from Japan’s Hitachi Ltd, covers functions related to retrieving, classifying and organizing digital images.
 when KKR & Co, TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners acquired it for $48 billion in 2007, and the stumbles of other huge deals of the past decade have reshaped how major buyout firms go about their trade.
 and the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, which bought about 98 percent of the securities, that most of the mortgages were acquired wholesale, according to the recommendation.
 Seven Firms Advise on Forest Laboratories Acquisition of Furiex Covington & Burling LLP was legal counsel for Forest Laboratories Inc, the drugmaker being acquired by Actavis Plc, which agreed to buy Furiex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 AT&T, Verizon Including customers Sprint acquired in its purchase of US.
 acquired Schering-Plough Corp.
 Dublin-based Shire has VP20621, acquired in its $42 billion takeover of ViroPharma Inc.
 Cubist acquired its Dificid drug when it bought Optimer Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 AIG’s complaint argued that Lawsky’s enforcement of state law against the American Life Insurance Company, a former AIG subsidiary acquired by MetLife in 2010, was unconstitutional.
 The Thousand Oaks, California-based company acquired Kyprolis for blood cancer in its purchase last year of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Scottish Widows Investment Partnership, the Edinburgh-based money manager acquired by larger rival Aberdeen Asset Management Plc, said Chief Executive Officer Dean Buckley is leaving the company.
 Ruane acquired the shares in the third quarter of 2010 when the stock sold for an average of about $23 a share, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 BTN shares closed down 29 percent at 1,365 rupiah in Jakarta today, after jumping 11 percent yesterday amid speculation it will be acquired by Bank Mandiri.
 “Following my brother, who quit as chief technology officer in the middle of last year, I am relieving myself of the duties of CEO” United Capital Partners acquired a 48 percent stake in VKontakte last year, putting it at odds with billionaire Alisher Usmanov, whose Mailru Group Ltd owned 40 percent.
 The plant’s electricity will be sold to Guam Power Authority under two 25-year contracts, NRG said in a July statement when it acquired the project from Quantum Utility Generation LLC.
 has a 53 percent share and is being acquired by aggregates-maker Martin Marietta.
 “But I gain in satisfaction” Oil Potential In Argentina, he sees considerable potential in energy and said his newly acquired Cia.
 Mylan also was among drugmakers that considered buying Elan Corp, which was acquired by Perrigo Co.
 As in the US, the French government can intervene to protect companies deemed to be of national importance from being acquired.
 At the center of Facebook’s developer strategy is Parse, which the company acquired a year ago.
 His team has doubled to about 50 people since Parse was acquired and the executive said he has regular meetings with Zuckerberg, who has vetted products and recruited developers to the tool.
 As in the US, the French government can intervene to protect companies deemed to be of national importance from being acquired.
 Castleton Commodities International LLC, financed in part by hedge fund managers Tudor Jones and Glenn Dubin, acquired Texas gas wells in February.
 is seeking a buyer for its New York Stock Exchange designated market-making business acquired through the 2000 purchase of Spear, Leeds & Kellogg, a person briefed on the matter said.
 Last year, Goldman Sachs agreed to sell a majority stake in its Redi trading-technology unit that was based on software acquired when it bought Spear Leeds.
 Facebook also has acquired Glancee, a location-tracking startup, and Gowalla, a location-based social network.
 Biggest Deal In the past 10 years, Ares has bought more than 20 companies, including luggage maker Samsonite Corp, vitamin maker GNC Holdings Inc, budget chain 99 Cents Only Stores and luxury retailer Neiman Marcus Inc, which it acquired in October for $6 billion in its largest-ever deal.
 holding company acquired another holding company, Peace Link Services Ltd, which came with a 297 percent stake in Shunfeng.
 King’s estate and his daughter, Bernice King, accused Belafonte of having “wrongfully acquired” the collection and Sotheby’s has refused since then to return the items to him until ownership is resolved, according to the complaint.
 IBM’s adjusted results exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition-related charges and retirement-related items.
 He acquired a stake last year in Charter Communications Inc.
 Suzlon acquired the Big Sky wind farm from Edison Mission Energy, the Indian company said today in a Bombay stock exchange filing, opening the way for a sale to EverPower approved by the US.
 “It is important to recognize that the commission has chosen to hold Goldman Sachs jointly and severally liable with Prysmian solely under its parental liability doctrine on the basis that certain Goldman Sachs sponsored funds acquired Prysmian in 2005 and divested their interest gradually until their final exit in 2010,” the company said in the statement.
 Charterhouse first acquired Saga from its founding family in 2004 in a deal that valued the company at about 135 billion pounds.
 With the ouster of Levin and the arrival of Vigodman, there has also been speculation that Teva may be acquired, broken up or take part in a merger of equals.
 It acquired Johns Creek Coal Co.
 Positive Rating The success of “Captain America: Winter Soldier” provides more evidence of the money-making power of Marvel studios, acquired by Disney for about $4 billion four years ago.
 Depending on the results “we think Synergy could be acquired by a larger company,” she said.
April 16 (Bloomberg) -- Assurant Inc, the insurer of foreclosed homes, acquired StreetLinks LLC from a group of owners led by Novation Cos.
 The Toronto-based pension fund acquired Air Distribution Technologies from Tomkins, the London-based engineering firm, for $11 billion in 2012.
 Merrill Lynch wealth-management units acquired from Bank of America Corp.
 Berkshire acquired an $8 billion preferred stake, while Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G Capital took charge of operations.
 It acquired the stake in 2004 for 162 million euros.
 As in the US, the French government can intervene to protect companies deemed to be of national importance from being acquired.
 ICD acquired the Dubai Atlantis on the Palm Jumeirah artificial island earlier this year, it said.
 DuPont Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ellen Kullman came under pressure last year after activist investor Nelson Peltz’s Trian Fund Management LP acquired a stake in the company.
 Buying Realia’s stake in SIIC de Paris, whose portfolio includes properties in Place de Vendome and Rue de Pyramides, would give Paris-based Eurosic control of a company acquired by the Spanish firm in 2006 with a market value of 935 million euros.
 TA Associates Inc, a Boston-based private-equity firm, acquired a minority stake in Numeric through a $240 million recapitalization in 2004.
 HVB was acquired by UniCredit in 2005 and now operates as UniCredit Bank AG.
 Fox acquired Shine for 415 million pounds ($673 million) in 2011.
 Verizon acquired Vodafone Group Plc’s minority stake in Verizon Wireless in February, allowing it to it stop paying a dividend to its partner.
 Dish or DirecTV “would probably like to be merged with or acquired by just about anybody,” Michael McCormack, a New York-based analyst at Jefferies Group LLC, said in a phone interview.
 NRG, the nation’s largest competitive power producer, may consider shutting some plants it acquired through its acquisition of Edison Mission Energy, Prabhu said.
 Pimco Acquisition Allianz acquired a majority stake in Pimco in 1999 for $33 billion.
 mortgage lender when it was acquired by Bank of America in 2008, were more likely to be put in subprime loans if they were black or Hispanic, even when they qualified for lower-cost mortgages.
 and the French government each acquired shares in the sale to reach targeted stakes of 141 percent apiece.
 Bonomi, the former chairman of Banca Popolare di Milano Scarl, has acquired more than 10 percent of Club Med shares through his Strategic Holdings investment vehicle, according to data collected by Bloomberg.
 The company, which acquired loans subject to the settlement from Ally Financial Inc, failed to ascertain delinquencies before initiating foreclosure proceedings, accurately state how much borrowers owed during bankruptcy proceedings and provide timely foreclosure notifications, among other problems, he said.
 is seeking a buyer for Cole-Parmer Instrument Co, the lab-equipment manufacturer that it acquired in 2001, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 When Thermo Fisher acquired Dionex Corp.
 Cole-Parmer was acquired in 2001 by Fisher Scientific International Inc.
 Fisher Scientific was later acquired by Thermo Electron Corp.
 Carrapateena, acquired in 2011 for $250 million, may contain as much as 63 million tons of copper and 84 million ounces of gold, according to a November filing.
 The BNSF railroad, acquired in 2010 in Buffett’s largest deal, has been investing in its network and adding locomotives.
 Eurazeo acquired Elis in 2007 from PAI Partners SAS, France’s largest private-equity firm, in a transaction that valued the company at 23 billion euros, according to its website.
 Relational had already acquired almost 5 percent of Magnum Hunter and held talks with management before negotiating the larger stake, said two people with knowledge of the matter.
 He has also worked at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and at money manager Miller, Anderson and Sherrerd, which Morgan Stanley acquired.
 ‘Valeant’s prospects of completing this deal are less than 50 percent’’ Maris said Allergan’s options include being acquired, buying another company or selling a large stake of the company to a strategic acquirer.
 GE, which said the purchase would lead to a net growth in French jobs, acquired an Alstom plant in 1999, a move Immelt said “has been a big success for the company and the people” Germany’s Siemens AG said it plans to make a competing bid, swapping most of its rail business for Alstom’s energy assets.
 “Then we’ll get a bonus with consolidation” He expects that Liberty Global will be acquired by Vodaphone Group Plc and that the merged companies may then be bought by AT&T Inc.
 FACC, an offshoot of Austrian skimaker Fischer, was acquired by AVIC via its Xi’an Aircraft Industry Group division in 2009.
 The firm is concentrating on suburban areas where there’s not as much new construction, including in the Southeast and in Texas, where more than half of the roughly 26,000 units it acquired are located, said Nadeem Meghji, who is overseeing the business.
 GE Deal Blackstone acquired the assets that form the bulk of LivCor from a unit of General Electric Co, which is paring real estate holdings.
 Estimated Range The consigner acquired the work for $148 million at Sotheby’s 10 years ago.
 Rodin’s sensual marble sculpture “Eve” was acquired by a Chinese collector for $49 million, within the estimate range.
 Strong Outlook Swiss-based Partners Group Holding AG, a private investment manager with a portfolio of more than 30 billion euros ($41 billion), acquired a majority stake in Mexican gas infrastructure operator Fermaca Enterprises in February for $750 million, citing a strong outlook and favorable political and regulatory framework.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, the drugmaker being acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, posted a quarterly loss after finance costs rose and the US.
 The bank, which posted a record 15 billion-euro loss in the fourth quarter as it increased provisions and revalued companies it acquired, is targeting 2 billion euros of net income in 2014 as Italy emerges from its longest recession in decades.
 If Ergen acquired T-Mobile instead, he would get access to a faster-growing market beyond Dish’s satellite-TV business, which has slowed now that most US.
 Berkshire, which held $49 billion of cash on March 31, has acquired dozens of businesses since Buffett took control in 1965 and rarely sells assets.
 New Products The company will probably highlight newer products tomorrow like the cloud offerings from SoftLayer Technologies Inc, which it acquired last year, or the Watson cognitive-computing tool, said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C.
 and acquired fashion site Ideeli.
 Santander Bank, previously named Sovereign Bank, pulled out of the neighborhoods and focused on white communities after being acquired by the Madrid-based lender in 2009, according to a complaint filed today in Providence federal court.
 In February, the company acquired a 70 percent interest in the Spring Valley project in Nevada, near its Goldstrike mine, that was owned by Midway Gold Corp, and signed a March agreement with another explorer, Coral Gold Resources Ltd, to earn 75 percent of the Gold Ridge project.
 The company had to renegotiate tax agreements for another new mine, Pueblo Viejo in the Dominican Republic, and said early last year that the Lumwana copper mine, acquired in an unpopular acquisition in 2011, had disappointed because of high production costs.
 Analysts predict that if Hillshire doesn’t get acquired, its shares will trade for just $44 in a year, 17 percent lower than yesterday’s price, according to the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
May 7 (Bloomberg) -- Aqua America Inc, the second-largest publicly traded water company in the US, said today that its Illinois subsidiary acquired the North Maine Utilities water and wastewater system from the village of Glenview that serves 44,000 people for about $22 million.
 It first acquired a stake in CI Financial in 2008 and currently holds 37 percent of the company’s shares, according to the statement.
 Other companies are relaxing covenants intended to protect bondholder value when the borrower is acquired by another firm, Canale said.
 Such terms are attractive for an issuer that expects to be acquired, because it allows them to buy back the notes at a cheaper price than the so-called make-whole premium they normally would have to pay, Canale said.
 It acquired Clos du Bois along with other labels when it purchased the wine division of Fortune Brands Inc.
May 14 (Bloomberg) -- Actavis Plc Chief Executive Officer Paul Bisaro will become executive chairman after the generic-drug maker completes its $25 billion purchase of Forest Laboratories Inc, with the head of acquired company succeeding him as CEO.
 Under Breton, Bull acquired shares in Packard Bell through the sale of its holding in Zenith Data Systems to the US.
 Below is a timeline of the struggles and eventual divestiture of the plane-leasing business, which was acquired in 1990 from founder Steven Udvar-Hazy for $116 billion and accumulated more than $20 billion in debt.
 The company’s Erewhon brand, acquired in 2012, offers a hemp and buckwheat cereal that is one of its top sellers.
 NBG acquired Finansbank, Turkey’s seventh biggest bank by market value, in 2006.
 The Web-search company acquired digital-thermostat maker Nest Labs Inc.
 Vento, whose 2014 sales outlook helped fuel the stock’s first-quarter gains, is revamping the company’s mobile application as he tries to benefit from the same business model of free communication services offered by WhatsApp Inc, which was acquired by Facebook Inc.
 Sabic is adapting plastic operations acquired in the past 12 years from Royal DSM NV, Huntsman Corp.
 Hugh “Skip” McGee, 54, one of the most senior dealmakers to join Barclays when it acquired the North American operations of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 Stephenson joined Barclays when it acquired the operations of Lehman, where she helped start the financial sponsors group, which advised private-equity firms such as KKR & Co.
 First Quantum, which acquired 80 percent of Cobre Panama with its $47 billion hostile takeover of Inmet Mining Corp.
 ‘Same Rules’ The ruling “says essentially that banks and other players in the mortgage industry have to play by the same rules as other property owners,” said Richard Rothschild, an attorney for renter Rosario Nativi, who lost her possessions and Sunnyvale, California, home in 2009 after the homeowner defaulted on the mortgage, unbeknown to Nativi, and the bank acquired the property.
 Deutsche Bank, as trustee, acquired the home, which had a two-bedroom garage rental unit, after the owner defaulted on the mortgage.
 Nativi appealed and a three-judge appeals court panel reversed that decision, saying Deutsche Bank stepped into the landlord’s shoes when it acquired the home and had to honor the existing lease until it expired 10 months later or a new owner moved in and gave the tenants 90 days’ notice.
 The case was filed by renters who said the bank failed to honor their lease on a property it acquired through foreclosure in June 2012.
 Acacia, a Newport Beach, California-based patent-licensing company, acquired Adaptix in January 2012 for $160 million.
 The automaker, fully acquired by Fiat SpA in January, spent $162 million to outfit the 782,000 square-foot (72,650 square meters) facility to build nine-speed transmissions, which improve highway fuel efficiency.
 Wang said during the May 7 interview that Meituan isn’t under short-term funding pressure and doesn’t want to be acquired.
 Tencent acquired about a 20 percent stake in Dianping to tap the 100 million monthly active users who access the website’s reviews and discounts for food and entertainment.
 “I expect the management to do something in the next six to nine months” Tech Mahindra, based in Pune, has acquired nine companies since 2005, according to the company’s website.
 acquired a 45 percent stake last year, said in a statement that its tax affairs are organized “strictly in compliance with all applicable laws in each jurisdiction in which it operates” Since late 2012, the UK.
 JPMorgan, which acquired Bear Stearns in 2008, agreed in November to pay $13 billion to settle Justice Department allegations it defrauded investors in the securities.
 Which is why when Buffett speaks of “Phase Two” in Berkshire Hathaway’s approach to growth -- making some big acquisitions (perhaps with help again from 3G Capital) instead of stock-picking -- you get the sense there will be a measured approach with civil tones, a lot of homework resulting in companies being happily acquired.
 CMBS Sale Tishman Speyer and BlackRock took $14 billion in subordinate mezzanine debt in addition to the $3 billion mortgage when they acquired Stuyvesant Town for $54 billion near the property market’s peak in 2006.
 The firm acquired it from Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP and Winthrop Realty Trust in 2010 after the investors’ attempt to take over the property by putting it into bankruptcy was thwarted by the courts.
 recently acquired drones manufacturers to help extend wireless connectivity to remote areas.
 Nestle also acquired global rights to Sculptra.
 AT&T has held a stake in Slim’s phone company since he acquired it in a government privatization sale in 1990.
 Billionaires Rupert Murdoch and John Malone held stakes in Sky Mexico through their companies until 2004, when DirecTV acquired their interests.
 and Toys “R” Us before landing at Play Along, which Jakks acquired in 2004.
 The firm acquired 45 million shares at a market value of $2767 million at quarter-end of CBS, owner of the most-watched television network, and 1 million shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc, the company whose cash-and-stock offer for Botox maker Allergan Inc.
 Mandiant has since been acquired by FireEye Inc.
 Aiming to capitalize on e-cigarette growth, the company acquired Blu eCigs in 2012 and Skycig in 2013.
 that have acquired such assets to give them negotiating leverage with advertisers and cable providers.
 Bankruptcy Judge Shelley Chapman in Manhattan, while faulting how Ergen acquired his claim, yesterday called the proposal “a sophisticated shell game that moves debt and cash up and down the capital structure” She gave the parties until May 27 to develop a new plan before she imposes a mediator.
 Carlyle and Unison acquired Toshiba Ceramics in 2006 in a management buyout, delisted it from the Tokyo Stock Exchange and renamed it Covalent.
May 14 (Bloomberg) -- ValueAct Capital Management LLC, the fund run by Jeffrey Ubben, acquired new stakes in Symantec Corp.
 Didi plans to continue operating independently after the IPO and doesn’t want to be acquired, said Zhang.
 Diageo, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay last year when it purchased a controlling interest in W&M’s Indian parent, United Spirits.
 Some of the jobs are back office positions supporting acquired companies, the person said.
 office landlord at the time Blackstone acquired it for $39 billion from billionaire Sam Zell.
 Converted Customers SAP’s Texas-based TomorrowNow unit, which offered technical support and software fixes to about 3,000 customers of companies Oracle acquired, including PeopleSoft Inc, lured 358 of them, and only 86 of those bought products from SAP, SAP’s lawyers said.
 In 2012, the buyout firm acquired Diversey GK, a provider of cleaning services to Japanese companies, for about 30 billion yen.
 Founded in Rochester, New York, in 1937 and acquired by Unilever in 1987, Ragu accounts for about 40 percent of Unilever’s $12 billion pasta-sauce sales, according to data tracker Euromonitor International.
 After being acquired by Fiat in 1969, Lancia models veered between sporty hatchbacks like the Delta and big-box sedans such as the Thema.
 The Spanish seafood producer, acquired by Pescanova in 2000, filed for bankruptcy in July, according to a regulatory filing.
 2 in the market to Latam Airlines Group SA, which was formed when Chile’s Lan Airlines acquired Sao Paulo-based Tam SA in 2012.
 Lloyds had been required by regulators to sell TSB, which it acquired in 1995, by the end of 2013.
 Plug is also spending money to integrate ReliOn Inc, the fuel-cell provider it acquired in April.
 Louis, who was acquired in a March trade with Tampa Bay, has emerged as a leader of the team, a role Messier played while helping end New York’s 54-year title drought in 1994.
 “It’s a matter of finding the right deals” In the first quarter, Agrium acquired five retail outlets in Louisiana, South Dakota, Iowa and Maryland that it expects will generate sales of about $40 million a year.
 As well as further acquisitions, Agrium plans to achieve $13 billion of retail Ebitda in 2015 by expanding its existing business and via the earnings from assets it acquired from Viterra Inc, according to a March investor presentation.
 KKR, Silver Lake and Technology Crossover Ventures acquired Go Daddy under a $23 billion buyout in 2011, according to the report.
 The last time there was this much activity in the industry for regulators to review was when Comcast bought AT&T’s cable-TV business for about $59 billion in 2001 and later acquired assets from bankrupt Adelphia Communications Corp.
 The European logistics business was acquired in 2008 as part of the 126 billion-euro ($175 billion) takeover of cigarette maker Altadis SA.
 GE also pledged “net growth in jobs in acquired businesses in France, with the employee mix moving toward high-value manufacturing and engineering jobs,” and said it’s open to a joint-venture with Alstom in signaling.
 Piraeus, the country’s second-largest bank by assets, acquired its stake in Athens Water, the second-biggest holding in the company, when it bought part of Agricultural Bank of Greece in 2012.
 acquired Dhamra Port Company Ltd.
 Shale Debt Part of the Eagle Ford acreage Sundance acquired is close to assets held by Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Office Depot Inc, the office-supply chain that acquired OfficeMax Inc.
 “Vringo’s equity incentive plan gives the director defendants carte blanche to set their own compensation,” Chu said in the complaint, which seeks return of unfairly acquired money to the company and reformation of corporate-governance procedures to avoid “unjust enrichment” A Vringo official who wouldn’t give his name said the company may issue a statement later.
 On April 30, Epam said it acquired Joint Technology Development Ltd.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Campofrio Food Group SA, the Spanish sausage maker which is being acquired, says it expects to save as much as 20 million euros ($27 million) in annual interest costs after a proposed bond refinancing.
 Charterhouse first acquired Saga from its founding family in 2004 in a deal that valued the company at about 135 billion pounds.
 “It’s an interesting transaction because if the player doesn’t do well the club doesn’t lose everything” A group of investors that Gil declined to identify acquired 33 percent of the transfer rights of Costa, who rejoined Atletico from Real Valladolid in 2010.
 Diageo, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay last year when it purchased a controlling interest in W&M’s Indian parent, United Spirits.
 Canadian Natural also is integrating properties it acquired last month from Devon Energy Corp.
 Last year, Apollo acquired FinanMadrid, an auto and consumer loan provider, from Bankia and in September agreed to buy Evo Banco, part of the banking business of nationalized Spanish lender NCG Banco SA, for 60 million euros.
 Gazprombank acquired a controlling stake in Biocad in a 2011 deal that valued the company at $250 million to $300 million, according to Russian newspaper Vedomosti.
 Gallagher said he plans to use the acquired businesses to expand further in their home countries through smaller purchases.
 Coca-Cola eventually acquired all of Zico and Honest.
 Mauser, acquired by DIC in 2007 in a deal valuing the company at about $11 billion, has consolidated revenue of more than $16 billion, DIC said in an e-mailed statement.
 Since the 2008 credit crisis, the firm has acquired a London-based brokerage and hired a credit-sales team from Citigroup Inc.
 Allianz acquired a stake of about 70 percent in Pimco in 1999 for $33 billion.
 “We are continuing to build our base of high quality business, and the integration of the individual life business we acquired from The Hartford remains well on track,” Strangfeld said in the statement.
 BC Partners acquired Com Hem in 2011 for 17 billion euros ($23 billion), according to its website.
 It acquired Wuxi Suntech Power in April for 3 billion yuan ($480 million), the biggest panel maker in 2012, and this month agreed to buy an inverter company.
 “One of the few items in their earnings they can control is the cost line and I think they know they should do more including on compensation” ‘Disadvantage’ Barclays will now have to compete without some of the key dealmakers it acquired with its purchase of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s North American operations.
 Diageo Plc, the world’s biggest distiller, acquired Whyte & Mackay last year through the purchase of a controlling interest in its Indian parent, United Spirits Ltd.
May 12 (Bloomberg) -- Sound Global Ltd, a Chinese water-treatment company that trades on Hong Kong’s exchange, acquired Humen Green Source Water Co.
 TreeHouse has acquired at least six food companies in the past four years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 B/E Aerospace has acquired $515 million in energy-related businesses over the past nine months, Rubel said.
 The properties, acquired over several decades, often at a fraction of current prices, can be highly profitable and tend to be in demand because rents are lower than at higher-end buildings, according to Palmer of CBRE.
 Liberty Global acquired UK-based Virgin Media Inc.
 Aiming to capitalize on e-cigarette growth, the company acquired Blu eCigs in 2012 and Skycig in 2013.
 In 2008, Barclays acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s North American operations out of bankruptcy and then embarked on a hiring spree to add stock underwriting and merger advisory businesses and bankers in Europe and Asia to match its standing in the US.
 Mexichem, which has acquired more than 15 companies since 2007, is a candidate for further ventures with companies such as state-run Petroleos Mexicanos, Fernando Perez, an analyst with Corporativo GBM SAB in Mexico City, said in an interview.
 DSW also acquired almost half of Town Shoes Ltd, a retailer in Canada, for about $69 million this month.
 The company, which was acquired by private-equity firms TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP more than three years ago, could fetch a valuation of as much as $5 billion, according to a person familiar with the situation.
 “We have strong cash flow and will de-leverage strongly in the next couple of years” Monier, which was acquired by private-equity firms Apollo, TowerBrook and York in 2009 in a debt restructuring, issued 565 million euros ($771 million) in April of senior secured floating-rate loans and notes due 2020.
 Precision Planting, which Monsanto acquired in 2012 for $210 million, has never before experienced similar unauthorized access to its servers, Toedebusch said.
 Monsanto in November acquired Climate Corp.
 The shares have climbed 18 percent since the start of February as traders bet the maker of Corn Flakes and Pop Tarts would be acquired.
 utility owner, acquired 32 megawatts of solar capacity in southwest Tennessee.
 it acquired for 2667 billion yen in 2009 and 2011.
 Dallas-based Southwest operates now with three reservation systems, with Sabre handling domestic operations and Accenture Plc’s Navitaire unit used for flights by AirTran, which Southwest acquired in 2011.
 In her May 8 ruling from the bench, Chapman faulted how Ergen acquired his $1 billion claim, and said his behavior warranted marginalizing it.
 and acquired fashion site Ideeli.
May 15 (Bloomberg) -- Ralph Whitworth, the activist investor who co-founded Relational Investors LLC, disclosed that his money-management firm acquired a 35 percent stake in B/E Aerospace Inc, the maker of jet seats that is considering putting itself up for sale.
 Hershey acquired Leaf’s US.
 The drugmaker being acquired by Actavis Plc agreed to buy Furiex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 They sold the rights to a production company in 1976 and an MGM unit later acquired the movie rights.
 Charterhouse acquired Saga from its founding family in 2004, a deal that valued the company at about 135 billion pounds.
 Mice given Novartis’s Gilenya were faster at getting rid of acquired-fear memories, according to a study published today in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
 Strategic Value Partners, based in Greenwich, Connecticut, and its partners acquired the company from Blackstone Group LP (BX) as part of a restructuring.
 In the past 10 years, Ares has bought more than 20 companies, including luggage maker Samsonite Corp, vitamin seller GNC Holdings Inc, budget chain 99 Cents Only Stores and luxury retailer Neiman Marcus Inc, which it acquired in October for $6 billion in its largest-ever deal.
 Goldman Sachs acquired all of Archon in 2000, and the business operated as an independent subsidiary for years.
 On average, the firms loaded the companies they acquired with debt equivalent to 47 times their earnings in 2013, the most since 2008, according to data compiled by Bain & Co.
 have reaped a gain of three times their 2007 investment in Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, which they acquired from General Motors Corp.
 Castleton Commodities International LLC, financed in part by hedge fund managers Tudor Jones and Glenn Dubin, acquired Texas gas wells in February.
 Allianz acquired a stake of about 70 percent in Pimco in 1999 for $33 billion.
 In 2010, Televisa acquired a 5 percent equity stake in Univision and debt that could be converted into an additional 30 percent stake.
 Blackstone Group LP had acquired the foodmaker for $22 billion about seven years ago and took it public again in March 2013.
 The Parsippany, New Jersey-based company agreed to be acquired after a year as a publicly traded company.
 The Pilgrim’s-Hillshire deal would be JBS’s biggest transaction since it acquired Brazilian meatpacker Bertin SA in 2009, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 of South Africa plans to boost profit at newly acquired Australian retailer David Jones Ltd.
 Legal & General, the UK’s biggest manager of pension assets, acquired the building earlier this year as part of a group of 55 assets it purchased from Telereal Trillium for 550 million pounds.
May 13 (Bloomberg) -- Gemalto NV, a developer of software and chips that make transactions more secure, has acquired two US-based units of Cardiff Holdings that customize payment cards for local financial institutions.
 An April 24 report from the World Health Organization found that as many as 75 percent of cases appeared to be infections acquired from another infected person.
 It acquired Turkey’s seventh-biggest bank by market value in 2006.
 “The next round of M&A action will be among the existing banks, as consolidation seems inevitable” Enormous Potential Spain’s Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, which acquired a 25 percent stake in Garanti Bank, Turkey’s biggest lender, in 2011, is upbeat about the outlook.
 They acquired the hotel in 2012 after Goldman Sachs foreclosed on its $252 million mortgage.
 Blackstone boosted its investment by $260 million to $6742 million when Pinnacle acquired Birds Eye Foods LLC in 2010.
 In 2008, Barclays acquired Lehman Brothers’s North American operations out of bankruptcy and then embarked on a hiring spree to add stock underwriting and merger advisory businesses and bankers in Europe and Asia to match its standing in the US.
 Riley tipped Teeple about Foundry being acquired by Brocade in 2008, five days before the deal was announced, according to prosecutors.
 Roxas, Victorias Milling The company controls 34 percent of Roxas Holdings, and this year it acquired 75 percent of Victorias Milling.
 Alekperov acquired more than $681 million of shares in 2013 and at least $77 million this year, according to Bloomberg calculations from Lukoil filings.
 The company acquired SLI Holdings Inc’s lighting business for 227 million euros ($309 million) in 2007 and sells electrical products under brand names including Crabtree, Concord and Standard, according to its website.
 In February, it acquired 20 percent in Dianping, the operator of a Yelp-like website in China, to strengthen location-based services.
 He acquired influence over a decade as crown prince.
 The application, which Facebook acquired for about $700 million in 2012, started to gradually introduce advertising six months ago to avoid alienating its user base, which now includes more than 200 million members.
 Corporate Commercial and VTB jointly acquired dominant tobacco maker Bulgartabak in 2011.
 Bank of America and firms it acquired issued about $965 billion between 2004 and 2008, while JPMorgan and firms it bought issued $450 billion, according to analysts at Sanford C.
 The company, which will begin trading next week under the ticker symbol TIME, expects another drop in sales this year by as much as 5 percent, excluding the magazines it acquired from American Express Co.
 said this week it acquired startup Cozi Inc, a household scheduling application, for an undisclosed amount.
 approval in December for Sovaldi, the $1,000-a-pill treatment it acquired in its $11 billion purchase of Pharmasset Inc.
 PokerStars Sale The parent of PokerStars, Rational Group Ltd, agreed this month to be acquired for $49 billion by Amaya Gaming Group Inc, a supplier of betting equipment and systems based in suburban Montreal.
 Text messaging is being eroded by free Internet-based alternatives such as Facebook Inc’s WhatsApp Inc, a service that it acquired in February for $19 billion.
 variable-annuity unit, and Prudential acquired the individual life business.
 The chief competition is Oculus VR Inc, the virtual-reality goggle pioneer being acquired by Facebook Inc.
 Neon Marilyn Sotheby’s guaranteed the seller, who acquired the work during Doig’s exhibition at Gavin Brown’s Enterprise gallery in New York in 1999, an undisclosed minimum price.
 Penney, based in Plano, Texas, in December 2011 acquired a 17 percent stake in Martha Stewart Living for $385 million as Johnson tried to revive sales with new mini-stores dedicated to brands including Stewart’s products.
 Seajacks, acquired in 2012 by Marubeni and Innovation Network Corp.
 agreed to buy ABB Ltd’s Meyer Steel Structures unit for about $600 million as the Swiss company sells assets acquired in the purchase of Thomas & Betts Corp.
 In January, he noted that brands similar to Annie’s -- such as Kashi, Larabar and Bear Naked -- have been acquired by larger companies, and that Annie’s could be next.
 Shareholders of companies that were acquired accused Goldman Sachs, Bain and banks and private-equity firms of conspiring to carve up the market for large leveraged buyouts, suppressing prices and depriving investors of billions of dollars.
 Then, in 2010, the entity acquired Singapore’s Chartered Semiconductor.
 Ivanhoe Cambridge Inc, the Montreal-based real estate unit of pension fund Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec, in October acquired a 51 percent interest in the News Corp.
June 19 (Bloomberg) -- Axel Springer SE, the German publisher leading a campaign to curb Google Inc’s influence in Europe, acquired a 20 percent stake in Qwant, a Paris-based search engine that focuses on data privacy.
 Axel Springer, which publishes Germany’s largest newspaper Bild, has introduced paid online content and acquired Internet assets to offset a decline in print revenue.
 The stock has doubled since Ornskov took over, in part on speculation the company would be acquired.
 I don’t think it would do his career any harm if he was presiding over Shire when a bid for whatever came out and Shire were to be acquired” Shares of Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Last year, it acquired a 28 percent interest in a company that built and is now running an 800-megawatt LNG power plant in Singapore.
 Salesforce has also acquired more than two dozen companies, Benioff said, and he’ll continue to look for deals with Hawkins’s assistance.
 Blackstone acquired Travelport in 2006 for $43 billion, and sought a London listing for it in 2010.
 “The assets to be acquired have undergone rigorous tax and general compliance procedures,” LGT said in its statement.
 STEC, based in Santa Ana, California, was acquired by Western Digital Corp.
 ProSiebenSat1 acquired a minority stake in Deezer in exchange for backing the service with its TV and online advertising efforts, the companies said today.
 “Facebook acquired WhatsApp because they’re successful and should continue doing what they’re doing.
 Judge Says Although a part-owner of the Miami Heat basketball team acquired the copyright to an unflattering photo of himself, a magistrate judge in Florida has recommended his infringement suit against a blogger who used it in critical articles be dismissed.
 Raanan Katz sued blogger Irina Chevaldina in Miami federal court in June 2012, claiming her use of the 2011 photo -- which shows his tongue sticking out of his mouth -- infringes the copyright he acquired from the photographer in June 2012, the same month he filed suit.
 Auxilium previously acquired urology drugmaker Actient Holdings LLC for $585 million in April 2013, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The Rockwell division is the former ARINC Inc, which operates a data-transmission network for airlines and was acquired in December.
 The buyout firm acquired a “significant” stake in December 2012.
 On average, analysts estimate the shares will trade for only about $16 apiece in a year if the company isn’t acquired, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 GSO has almost tripled assets under management to $66 billion since 2008, when New York-based Blackstone acquired the business.
 “There’s clearly something deeper going on than we’ve seen,” said Maryann Keller, an auto-industry consultant and former director of Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group Inc, which Hertz acquired in 2012.
 In the past, the company acquired most of the cars from the automakers and sold them back months later at predetermined prices.
 That accord, which included a $4 billion agreement with the FHFA, encompassed loans New York-based JPMorgan acquired through its purchases of Bear Stearns Cos.
 It ended up being acquired by liquor tycoon Vijay Mallya’s UB Group, operator of Kingfisher.
June 10 (Bloomberg) -- Anglo American Plc will either be successful at reorganizing its platinum business and starting production at the Minas-Rio iron-ore mine in Brazil or be acquired, research company Sanford C.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- FCMB Group Plc, the Nigerian lender that acquired bailed-out FinBank Plc three years ago, plans to raise about $300 million of funding this year to boost consumer lending.
 The lender acquired FinBank in 2011, one of eight banks bailed out by the Central Bank of Nigeria during a debt crisis in 2009.
 In March, the company acquired Ascenta, a UK-based aerospace company, which will transmit data using infrared laser.
 Wiley took up the job in January 2012 after BlackRock acquired then-competitor Claymore Investments Inc.
 Chevron acquired Texaco in 2001.
 With the help of corporate raider Carl Icahn, who had acquired a 123 percent stake in Texaco, it reached a settlement to pay Pennzoil $3 billion.
 Litton Home Servicing LP, a company acquired by Ocwen, also violated state laws by starting home-foreclosure proceedings without holding the underlying mortgages, the Massachusetts attorney general said.
 to help the payment processor it acquired in 2007 repay debt and strengthen its balance sheet.
 Blackstone and a partner acquired an office tower in Mumbai’s Nariman Point CBD for 9 billion rupees ($152 million) in November, according to IIFL.
 Spread Wideners The deal’s timing adds an element of uncertainty for merger arbitrage traders, who seek to profit from the difference between the stock price of a target company when a deal is first announced and the price at which it will be acquired.
 “It wouldn’t surprise me if someone else or another company makes an offer for NPSP at some point in the future also” Other Bidders? Other possible buyers for NPS include Sanofi, which acquired rare-disease drugmaker Genzyme Corp.
June 16 (Bloomberg) -- Qeelin, the Hong Kong-based jeweler acquired by Kering SA 18 months ago, plans to at least double its store numbers in mainland China over the next two years as demand in the country shows no sign of slowing.
 The company was acquired in 2012 by a consortium led by SK Capital Partners LP.
 Chang’s, which was acquired by private-equity firm Centerbridge Partners LP for $105 billion in 2012 and also runs the Pei Wei Asian Diner chain, is facing other headaches beyond the breach.
 before it was acquired by VMware in 2012.
 Canadian courts cleared Wind’s right to operate in 2011, the same year VimpelCom acquired its stake in the company from Sawiris.
 The central bank in Sofia placed under special supervision CCB’s unit, which it acquired on June 12, the regulator said in an e-mailed statement today.
 Corporate Commercial and VTB jointly acquired Bulgartabak in 2011.
 Using its ad network, acquired in last year’s purchase of MoPub, Twitter has said it can reach more than 1 billion phones.
 acquired the company in 2002.
 “Benjamin Durant and Daryl Payton not only acquired inside information about a corporate acquisition and made illegal profits from it, but they colluded with others to conceal their crime,” Bharara said in a statement.
 Vontobel, which also owns private banking operations, acquired Derivativecom AG last month to boost the number of issuers on its deritrade online structured products service.
 If the company doesn’t get acquired, they may trade for only about $30 in the next year, according to the average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
(Corrects spelling of Jan Tops in seventh paragraph) June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Frank McCourt acquired a 50 percent stake in Global Champions Tour, a premier international show jumping series that draws top riders and horses.
 Fortress, the first publicly traded private-equity and hedge-fund manager in the US, acquired All Aboard Florida’s parent company, Florida East Coast Industries Inc, for $265 billion in July 2007, Bloomberg data show.
 Pfizer acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000 and “deliberately expanded the promotion of off-label uses,” lawyers for the benefits firms said in an amended complaint filed in 2011.
 Tele2 Russia, acquired from Sweden’s Tele2 AB last year, obtained a one-year loan facility of as much as $5 billion from VTB Group.
 Market Share VTB Capital, a unit of Russia’s second-biggest lender, acquired Tele2 Russia for about $36 billion from Stockholm-based Tele2 AB in April 2013.
 BP became Rosneft’s largest shareholder after the Russian state last year when it acquired a 198 percent stake as part of deal to sell its shares in oil explorer TNK-BP.
 In February, Tencent acquired 20 percent in Dianping, the operator of a Yelp-like website in China, to strengthen location-based services.
 Four Times Petrobras has found as much as four times the amount of crude that it’s authorized to produce at an offshore license it acquired four years ago.
 He took stakes in businesses before they went public or were acquired such as social networks Yammer Inc.
 last year, acquired a stake in an Oklahoma pipeline project.
 on June 16 unveiled a new YouTube channel that will be overseen by the founder of AwesomenessTV, the online teen video company it acquired in 2013.
 “For the moment clients are not repatriating all their assets when they regularize” Edmond de Rothschild was established in Paris in 1953 and acquired its bank in Geneva in 1965.
 Those dreams may have to wait again if Concordia does get acquired.
 The UPMC Insurance Services Division, the health system’s insurance provider, has acquired demographic and household data, such as whether someone owns a car and how many people live in their home, on more than 2 million of its members to make predictions about which individuals are most likely to use the emergency room or an urgent care center, said Pamela Peele, the system’s chief analytics officer.
 acquired Hughes Telematics Inc.
 When asked if Carmike itself has held any talks about being acquired, Hare declined to comment but said the company’s board will evaluate “any and all opportunities to enhance shareholder value” Screenvision, a supplier of advertising in movie theaters, was bought last month by National CineMedia Inc.
 The 58-year-old, who relinquished his title as Microsoft Corp’s largest individual shareholder in May, acquired about 14 million shares of Republic Services Inc.
 Berkshire Hathaway Inc, of which Buffett is chairman and chief executive officer, acquired the railroad in 2010.
 Since January, L’Oreal has acquired facial-mask maker Magic Holdings International Ltd.
 When the company acquired Maybelline New York in 1996, the brand had sales of $300 million, Agon said.
 Kiehl’s will generate 600 million euros of revenue this year, compared with $30 million when L’Oreal acquired the company more than a decade ago, Agon said.
 One brand that hasn’t delivered is The Body Shop, which has struggled since L’Oreal acquired it in 2006.
 The French government’s 20 percent stake in Alstom would be acquired from shareholder Bouygues SA at market prices, Montebourg said.
 The company said today that it acquired Chavez Pharmacy, a seven-outlet drugstore chain in Batangas, a province south of Manila.
 Institutional buyers have invested more than $20 billion and acquired as many as 200,000 houses since 2012, according to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc.
 Janet Lorin finds some of the jobs they get aren’t worth the degrees they acquired.
 “When we acquired Tumblr a year ago, we saw what you probably saw: an unmatched platform for creators,” Mayer said in her speech.
June 26 (Bloomberg) -- Suez Environnement, Europe’s second-biggest water utility, acquired Process Group as part of a push for more contracts in the oil and gas industry.
 Mortgages’ Source Bank of America didn’t tell investors in its preliminary documentation that most of the mortgages were acquired through wholesale markets that executives were deriding at the time, according to the complaints.
 It previously acquired a stake in Aeropostale Inc.
 Earlier this week, Sycamore announced it had acquired the Coldwater Creek brand and other intellectual property as part of that retailer’s Chapter 11 proceedings.
 Entrepreneur First Marcus, a native of France, joined PayPal after EBay acquired his mobile-payments startup, Zong.
 The company acquired Bowling Green, Kentucky-based Commonwealth Brands in 2007, and currently sells the USA Gold, Sonoma and Fortuna brands in about 20 states.
 “Clearly there are options around that business” Imperial is planning to sell as much as 30 percent of its stake in Logista, a distributor of goods to gas stations and other outlets across Europe that it acquired as part of its 2008 takeover of Altadis SA.
 Government Talks The French government’s 20 percent stake in Alstom would be acquired from shareholder Bouygues SA at market prices, Montebourg said.
 Esteves, who’s boosted the market value of the bank he acquired in 2009 almost six times, has been unable to turn around Brasil Pharma even after BTG helped inject 400 million reais into the company in May, when it violated covenants and posted losses for a second-straight quarter.
 Brasil Pharma said in its May 14 earnings release that it lost 1853 million reais in the first quarter as it faced challenges seeking to integrate chains acquired in the past few years.
 The challenges associated with integrating newly acquired drug chains mean Brasil Pharma will struggle to stem losses, according to Andre Fontoura, an analyst at BES Securities Brazil.
 Jameson has been under Pernod’s aegis since it acquired the brand’s owner Irish Distillers in 1988.
 Macy’s Inc, then operating as Federated Department Stores, enraged Chicago when it acquired the Marshall Field’s stores in 2005 and renamed the city’s iconic downtown department story Macy’s.
 The Isle of Man-based business, which operates under the name Rational Group Ltd, announced it would be acquired by Canada’s Amaya Gaming Group Inc.
 Last year, the company acquired servicing rights on more than $125 billion of mortgages from companies including Bank of America Corp, according to Walter regulatory filings.
 Hill and his wife, Janine, have acquired more than 100 bronzes and paintings created over a span of seven centuries by artists such as Peter Paul Rubens, Francis Bacon and Andy Warhol.
 Blackstone acquired the foodmaker for $22 billion seven years ago, then took it public last year.
 Pinnacle has acquired brands such as Birds Eye in 2009 and Unilever’s Wish-Bone last year.
 JBIC acquired preferred shares of Marubeni’s Gavilon Agriculture Holdings Co.
 In India, NTT Docomo said in April it plans to sell its 265 percent stake in lossmaking Tata Teleservices Ltd, acquired for 2667 billion yen in 2009 and 2011.
 when it agreed in February to be acquired by Actavis Plc for about $25 billion, handing him a gain of almost $17 billion at the time the deal was announced.
 Sherwin-Williams acquired Comex’s US.
 Chang’s, which runs its namesake restaurants in addition to the Pei Wei Asian Diner chain, was acquired in 2012 by private-equity firm Centerbridge Partners LP for $105 billion.
 MModal, acquired by New York-based JPMorgan’s One Equity Partners in a $114 billion leveraged buyout in August 2012, filed for bankruptcy on March 20.
 It was acquired by the father of the present owner in 1959 from the dealer and collector Ernst Beyeler and came to auction for the first time.
 Santander Bank, previously named Sovereign Bank, pulled out of the neighborhoods and focused on white communities after being acquired by the Madrid-based lender in 2009, the city alleged.
 Corporate Commercial and VTB jointly acquired Bulgartabak in 2011.
 Rometty has boosted the company’s investment in cloud services to lure customers to its SoftLayer unit, which IBM acquired last year for $2 billion in its biggest takeover since 1995.
 The 137-year-old bourse, where $146 trillion worth of contracts changed hands last year, maintains the practice even as London bourses from the International Petroleum Exchange, taken over by IntercontinentalExchange Inc, and the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange, acquired first by Euronext NV and then ICE, closed their trading pits in the past two decades.
 The selling shareholders include Chief Executive Officer Simon Arora and his brothers Bobby and Robin, who acquired the discount retailer in December 2004.
 Clayton Dubilier & Rice acquired a “significant stake” about 18 months ago.
 Billionaire Carlos Slim, who owns America Movil SAB, acquired a 30 percent stake in Pachuca and Club Leon in 2012 as part of a plan to acquire sports content.
 America Movil was spun off a decade later and eventually acquired its former parent.
 Citic Pacific was set up through a backdoor listing in Hong Kong when the parent acquired a company with real estate and aviation interests.
 In a further step toward that goal, it will also be absorbing SexyHair, Alterna and Kenra acquired from TSG Consumer Partners this month, adding hair care and styling products in the world’s single biggest market for those offerings.
 PE Project BC Partners acquired Spotless Group in 2010 for 640 million euros, according to the London-based private equity firm’s website.
 IBM and Lenovo were successful in getting CFIUS approval in 2005 for an earlier deal, in which the Chinese company acquired IBM’s personal-computer unit for $125 billion.
 Morphing Company America Movil has gone through various configurations since Slim acquired Telefonos de Mexico, the state phone monopoly, in a 1990 privatization sale.
 Both companies grew internationally with acquisitions throughout Latin America, and America Movil acquired full control of Telmex, its former parent, in 2012.
 Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer maker, acquired Grupo Modelo SAB last year for $20 billion, the largest deal in the brewery industry ever.
 It previously acquired a stake in Aeropostale Inc.
 Earlier this week, Sycamore announced it had acquired the Coldwater Creek brand and other intellectual property as part of that retailer’s Chapter 11 proceedings.
 acquired smaller neighbor and rival Lavalin Inc, Bloomberg data show.
 TA Associates Inc, a Boston-based private-equity firm, acquired a minority stake in Numeric through a $240 million recapitalization in 2004.
 online travel agent, has acquired at least 10 companies since 2002, including Kayak Software Corp.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- Puma Energy Holdings Pte acquired InterOil Corp’s oil refinery, service stations and fuel terminals in Papua New Guinea for $526 million, marking its first investment in the Pacific nation.
 Oracle, which has acquired about 100 companies in the last decade, has seen the incremental revenue gains accrued through those deals dry up.
 Existing lawsuits brought by the FTC are pending against Cephalon, since acquired by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, and Actavis.
June 12 (Bloomberg) -- PokerStars, the world’s largest poker website, is near a deal to be acquired by Amaya Gaming Group Inc, a maker of gambling equipment and systems, according to two people with knowledge of the situation.
 Blackstone acquired Hilton, then known as Hilton Hotels Corp, in October 2007.
 Europe contributed 3 percent of Lupin’s sales last year, while competitor Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, which agreed to be acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, earned about 24 percent of revenue from the region.
 Since 2007, Lupin has acquired nine other brands and companies, including Tokyo-based generic injectables manufacturer I’rom Pharmaceutical Co, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Phone Monopoly The company has gone through various configurations since Slim acquired Telefonos de Mexico, the state phone monopoly, in a 1990 privatization sale.
 Both companies grew internationally with acquisitions throughout Latin America, and America Movil acquired full control of Telmex, its former parent, in 2012.
 The drug is the second antibiotic the FDA has approved in a month to treat MRSA, a staph infection often acquired in the hospital that’s resistant to commonly used antibiotics.
 Rates of severe MRSA acquired in hospitals are declining, the CDC said.
 Cubist is conducting final-phase studies using Sivextro against pneumonia acquired through MRSA infections.
 said today in a statement it withdrew plans for a casino in downtown Philadelphia, citing “the ongoing gaming saturation in the mid-Atlantic region” Caesars, which acquired the Showboat casino by purchasing Showboat Inc.
 The company expects another drop in sales this year by as much as 5 percent, excluding the magazines it acquired from American Express Co.
 TreeHouse has acquired at least six food companies in the past four years, adding products including soups, sauces and powdered drinks, as retailers seek to appeal to bargain-hunting consumers with less-expensive house brands.
Gambling executive Mark Scheinberg,whose father is under indictment in the US, has emerged as abillionaire after PokerStars’ agreement to be acquired for $49billion in cash.
 Yildiz Holding AS, parent company of Ulker, acquired Godiva from Campbell Soup Co.
 in 1966, the same year that Campbell Soup acquired a 33 percent stake.
 Firth Rixson was acquired by Oak Hill and Neuberger Berman Group LLC for 945 million pounds ($161 billion) in 2007.
 BC Partners, which acquired Com Hem in 2011 for 17 billion euros ($23 billion), won’t sell its shares as part of the offering.
 The G7 Group was acquired in 2004 by China-based Xinhua Holdings Ltd.
 Ralcorp acquired Kraft Foods Inc’s Post cereals business in a $27 billion deal that closed in August 2008.
 The deal wasn’t meant to ensure the success of the secondary offering, in which Moshayedi sold shares, according to Gibbs, but to “avoid the chaos of EMC ordering late in the quarter” STEC, based in Santa Ana, California, was acquired by Western Digital Corp.
 He came on board Julius Baer in the same role in 2006, when his new employer was absorbing four businesses acquired from UBS and opening offices in Hong Kong and Singapore.
 “Our goal has always been to bring this kind of thoughtfulness to the rest of your home and life” Nest, acquired by Mountain View, California-based Google in February, is stepping up efforts to make its products a central hub inside homes.
 options business it acquired in 2007 before industry growth stalled, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 ISE, which Deutsche Boerse acquired for $28 billion, may fetch $1 billion to $15 billion in a sale, one of the people said.
 Abraaj acquired a controlling share in K-Electric in 2009 through its investment in KES Power Ltd, the majority shareholder of K-Electric, it said in an e-mailed statement from Dubai today.
 Merrill Lynch wealth units acquired from Bank of America Corp.
 Investors are discounting the company’s share price as Putnam Investments LLC, its Boston-based asset management unit, has operated at a loss almost every quarter since being acquired in 2007, analysts such as Peter Routledge at National Bank Financial, said.
 Valuation Metrics Great-West acquired Putnam Investments from Marsh & McLennan Cos.
 Oracle has acquired about 100 companies in the past decade, but it has seen the incremental revenue gains accrued through those deals dry up.
 The 137-year-old bourse, where $146 trillion worth of contracts changed hands last year, maintains the practice even as London bourses from the International Petroleum Exchange, taken over by IntercontinentalExchange Inc, and the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange, acquired first by Euronext NV and then ICE, closed their trading pits in the past two decades.
 New York-based Blackstone Group LP acquired Irving, Texas-based subprime lender Exeter Finance Corp.
 Michaels was acquired by Bain and Blackstone in 2006 for about $6 billion, and each firm will own 40 percent of the company after the offering, according to the filing.
 GM Financial Inc, the subprime lender acquired by General Motors Co.
 New York-based Blackstone Group LP acquired Irving, Texas-based subprime lender Exeter Finance Corp.
 in February acquired a 20 percent stake in Dianping to gain access to the site’s location-based shopping and entertainment services.
 Since January, L’Oreal has acquired facial-mask maker Magic Holdings International Ltd.
 “If this acquired compound turns out to be successful, it will allow Roche to expand its activities in oncology substantially” Seragon’s lead drug, ARN-810, is in early-stage tests among women with so-called hormone receptor-positive breast cancer that resisted other medicines.
 Mediaset, controlled by former Italian Primer MinisterSilvio Berlusconi, acquired the DTS stake in 2010 as it tried toexpand in pay-TV outside Italy.
 Bank of America acquired Countrywide in 2008.
 Industrias CH, which acquired an 825 percent stake in Grupo Simec in 2001, owns 56 percent of the company’s shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Home Depot is selling devices from MakerBot, a 3-D printer maker acquired by Stratasys Ltd.
 The review was launched after Baytex acquired Aurora Oil & Gas Ltd.
 ABRY Partners acquired York Risk in 2010, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Televisa, which acquired its 50 percent stake in Iusacell in 2012, said this month it would like to use mergers to make the wireless company bigger and more competitive in Mexico.
 Petco Animal Supplies Inc, a PetSmart competitor, was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2006.
 Guo, who gave up a sizeable bonus by leaving Tencent, said that while hard work could bring them to a $100 million valuation, his motivation was more simple and he isn’t entertaining the idea of being acquired.
 BayernLB acquired a first stake in MKB in 1994, intending to use it as a conduit for expansion into eastern Europe.
 Buyout firm Blackstone Group LP acquired TRW from Northrop Grumman Corp.
 A unit of Cerberus bought Bankia SA’s property-servicing arm last September, while Apollo has bought Altamira, the real-estate servicing platform of Santander, and also acquired an 80-branch bank hived off from the bailed-out Galician lender NCG Banco.
 It had been posting losses since Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank in 2007 acquired the lender formerly known as National Bank for Development, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “There is about 200 billion pounds worth of closed-life business assets in the UK” ready to be acquired from insurers and banks.
 Neon Marilyn Sotheby’s guaranteed the seller, who acquired the work during Doig’s exhibition at Gavin Brown’s Enterprise gallery in New York in 1999, an undisclosed minimum price.
 Morgan Stanley, the investment bank that originally owned 95 percent of the Revel project, acquired the land and funded construction before walking and writing off almost all of its $12 billion investment.
 acquired Viber Media Ltd.
 Time Warner Cable, which paid $835 billion for 25 years of Dodgers games in 2013, is being acquired by Comcast Corp.
 It is being acquired by AT&T Inc.
 HP acquired Palm in 2010.
 options business it acquired in 2007.
 acquired SHFL Entertainment Inc, a maker of card shuffling devices, for $13 billion.
 The company acquired blood cancer treatment Kyprolis in its $104 billion purchase of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Forecast Reiterated Schneider confirmed its prediction for low single-digit organic sales growth this year, and a 04 percentage point to 08 percentage point advance in adjusted Ebita margin, excluding currency effects, from the 2013 pro forma level of 139 percent, which includes Invensys Ltd, acquired this year.
 Center Parcs, which Blackstone acquired in 2006, joins a growing number of companies in the UK.
 The company acquired half of 685 Fifth Ave.
 A judge ruled in June that Kotick and current Activision Chairman Brian Kelly must face investor claims that they improperly benefited from leading the group that acquired $234 billion of Vivendi’s Activision shares after the Paris-based entertainment company decided to sell most of its stake.
 Trian, the activist investment firm founded by Nelson Peltz, Peter May, and Ed Garden in 2005, said last month it acquired a 25 percent stake and was seeking talks with management.
 Shorenstein Purchase Macklowe was forced to hand back the properties to lenders during the credit crisis and Shorenstein acquired the building for about $625 million in 2008.
 The firm in September acquired the Hughes Center complex in Las Vegas for $347 million in a bet on growth in Nevada’s economy.
 Hitachi holds more than 600 patents for rare-earth magnets globally, some of which it acquired after taking over Sumitomo Special Metals Co.
 A unit of VTB also acquired an 80 percent stake in state-owned tobacco company Bulgartabac Holding AD in 2011.
 “We’re nowhere near that right now” Bigger Target There has been speculation that this transaction, by making Whiting larger, was intended to prevent it from getting acquired, said James Sullivan, a New York-based analyst at Alembic Global Advisors.
 Separately, Twitter said it acquired CardSpring Inc, a service that lets users redeem deals and discounts through merchants’ tweets.
 was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2006.
 “It’s of course clearly unsatisfactory that the oil volumes in the acquired fields Itaipu and Wahoo after appraisal drilling has proved to be in the low end of our original expectations” Shares of Maersk, which runs the world’s biggest container line, fell 14 percent to 13,420 kroner in Copenhagen.
July 13 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia’s Olayan Group acquired a majority stake in beverage maker Gulf Union Food Co.
 He eventually acquired a Bombardier jet and a $23 million Virgina estate with its own baseball diamond.
 Halprin moved into one of the seven rental units he acquired and began a series of evictions to get rid of the other tenants, beginning with Susan Coss, 48.
 Lee, a 40-year-old Boston buyout firm, will receive more than $17 billion through the sale of a majority stake it acquired for about $500 million three years ago, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information isn’t public.
 HTA, which has towers in Ghana, Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of Congo, can’t yet disclose the countries in which the acquired Bharti Airtel facilities are located, de Orleans Borbon said.
 Shareholders of companies that were acquired accused Goldman Sachs, Bain and banks and private-equity firms of conspiring to carve up the market for large leveraged buyouts, suppressing prices and depriving investors of billions of dollars.
 Freeport, the biggest publicly traded copper producer, acquired oil and gas producers Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 Microsoft is planning its biggest round of job cuts in five years, in divisions such as engineering and marketing, as well as areas of overlap with Nokia Oyj’s handset business, which it acquired this year.
 acquired in 2008.
 Jana, the $10 billion hedge-fund firm run by Barry Rosenstein and known for pushing corporate managements to make changes, acquired about 99 percent of PetSmart in stock and options, and “expects to have discussions” with management, the board and other investors, according to a regulatory filing.
 The company now distributes ads to about 1 billion smartphones and tablets through a mobile-advertising exchange it acquired last year called MoPub Inc.
 The market has attracted beverage giants such as PepsiCo Inc, which in 2009 acquired Brazil’s largest producer, Amacoco, and has since added California-based ONE.
 He spurned an offer to become vice chairman at JPMorgan Chase & Co’s investment bank after the company acquired Bear Stearns in 2008, a position that would have paid him about $27 million in cash and restricted stock, according to a regulatory filing.
 acquired a concession to provide cooling services to developments on Abu Dhabi’s Al Maryah Island for $285 million.
 Newmont, which operates in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific region and Africa, was in discussions this year to be acquired by Canadian rival Barrick before the talks broke down in April.
 We are very confident that we have a very strong capital base even post the buyback” The insurer’s predecessor, Friends Provident, acquired Lombard for 265 million euros ($361 million) in 2004 to expand internationally and boost revenue from wealthy clients.
 The company has also redesigned its home page and acquired Tumblr, a blogging service that helps draw younger users to Yahoo.
 Founded in 1977, the brand was acquired by Nestle in 1986 when consumer demand for shelf-stable juices in the US.
 Spain’s former phone monopoly has acquired rights to broadcast football and Formula 1 racing and is buying out a pay-TV venture as part of a push to keep clients from defecting to rivals’ cheaper plans.
 Barrick acquired Jabal Sayid when it bought Equinox Minerals Ltd.
 “The asset quality review will be the trigger for banks to focus on building cleaner balance sheets, cutting costs and disposing of bad assets,” said Pietro Stella, a portfolio manager at Ares Management LLC in London, which acquired its first Italian non-performing loans from Credito Valtellinese Scarl this year.
 Price Gap The loan portfolio acquired in May by Bayside Capital, an affiliate of Miami-based HIG Capital LLC, was the only deal backed by Italian property this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Liberty Global said it acquired a 64 percent stake in ITV from British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc.
 The Netherlands sold $115 billion of mortgage bonds acquired from ING Groep NV in February, while Lloyds Banking Group Plc sold $87 billion of securities in 2013.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of New York also used large offerings to unload debt it acquired during the credit crisis.
 It acquired Summit Entertainment LLC, the studio that produced the “Twilight” series, for $4125 million in January 2012.
 Management Failure The report cited the case of one unnamed firm that acquired rights to manage billions of dollars in loans and then was unable to adequately service them even after the FHFA increased surveillance of its operations.
 As part of today’s agreement, Galderma is paying Ipsen 25 million euros related to the Dysport rights acquired from Valeant, and it’ll get higher margins on the product in the US, Canada, Brazil and Europe.
 Two locally acquired cases were reported in Nice, France, in 2010.
 life insurer, said second-quarter profit more than doubled on gains from derivatives and the Chilean business acquired last year.
 MetLife acquired Chilean pension provider AFP Provida SA in September for about $2 billion after spending $16 billion in 2010 for American Life Insurance Co, which had operations in more than 50 countries.
 “That in itself represents a collective win for the bank” Integration Costs CIBC and Royal Bank haven’t done as well, grappling with integrating acquired assets while weathering the downturn.
 Clear Channel asked June 13 that the case be dismissed, arguing that Radio Dogs federal trademark registration had been canceled, and that the California company had failed to argue that the “Radio Music Awards” term had acquired any secondary meaning or was inherently distinctive.
 The Ngadju people claim that 210 of the 250 mining tenements held by Johannesburg-based Gold Fields aren’t valid because the Native Title Act 1993 was not followed when the company acquired the assets and at other times, Gold Fields said on Jan.
 They were built by McDonnell Douglas Corp, acquired by Boeing Co.
 Halprin moved into one of the seven rental units he acquired and began a series of evictions to get rid of the other tenants.
 Amazon Lagging Seven-year-old Flipkart and Myntracom had a combined 9 percent share of the 170 billion rupees ($28 billion) worth of Internet retailing transactions in India in 2013, before Myntra was acquired by Flipkart in May, according to data from Euromonitor International.
 Ranbaxy, which is in the process of being acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, has been hurt by import bans on four of its Indian facilities and increased regulatory compliance costs.
 Data from their Gmail accounts shows they knew the tickets were acquired illegally, he said.
 Reckitt Benckiser will retain a stake in the new entity, the people said, allowing the maker of Lysol cleaners and Nurofen painkillers to benefit if the business is later acquired.
 407 International acquired a 99-year concession in 1999 to operate the 108-kilometer (67-mile) bypass around Toronto, Canada’s biggest city.
 Kjaersgaard, who will become chief executive officer of an unidentified Danish company, has been at Siemens since it acquired Denmark’s Bonus Energy A/S in 2004 to enter the wind-power industry.
July 17 (Bloomberg) -- Cable billionaire John Malone took another step to expand in TV programs and production with the purchase of a stake in ITV Plc, the UK’s biggest commercial broadcaster with top-rated shows such as “Downton Abbey” Malone’s Liberty Global Plc acquired 64 percent of London-based ITV from Rupert Murdoch’s British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc for 481 million pounds ($824 million).
 Production Assets The ITV stake moves Liberty Global deeper into production and content assets, a move Chief Executive Officer Mike Fries said wasn’t on the agenda when it acquired Virgin Media for $16 billion last year.
 Jana, the $10 billion firm run by Barry Rosenstein that’s known for pushing corporate managements to make changes, acquired about 99 percent of Phoenix-based PetSmart in stock and options, according to a regulatory filing today, and “expects to have discussions” with management, the board and other investors.
 was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2006.
 The bank, which acquired Washington Mutual Inc’s bank units and Bear Stearns Cos.
 Credit Suisse at the time acquired $13 billion of assets, the bulk of which was in the UK.
 Private-equity owners are lining up to sell stakes acquired over the last few years as deal-making returns to pre-crisis levels for both mergers and equity capital markets in Europe, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Eltel, which 3i acquired in 2007, reported revenue of 12 billion euros last year, a 04 percent rise over 2012, and earnings before interest, taxes and amortization of 524 million euros including one-time exceptional items.
 and three tied to a single borrower, such as a $1 billion transaction linked to retail properties acquired by Blackstone Group LP.
 After holding an auction, Park Hill recommended RCP accept an offer from Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, a firm Blackstone acquired last year from Credit Suisse Group AG that buys fund stakes, said the people, who didn’t disclose how Blackstone’s offer compared with the other bidders.
 Blackstone acquired the Strategic Partners unit last year from Credit Suisse Group AG, expanding its traditional buyout business to include the practice of buying and selling stakes in private-equity funds.
 in 1973, which was acquired by American International Group Inc.
 “Except for the newly acquired division of Novartis, the rest of the areas were weaker than expected” Grifols had costs related to the acquisition from Novartis, said Nuria Pascual, the company’s investor relations officer and director of finance.
 In addition to Apollo’s stake in Athene, affiliates of Guggenheim Partners and Harbinger Group, a publicly traded company run by hedge fund investor Philip Falcone, have also acquired insurance companies in the past three years.
 Tesco scrapped 100 major store developments in April 2013 and wrote down the value of sites that were acquired over five to ten years by 804 million pounds ($14 billion) to reflect a drop in property values.
 Trian initially disclosed its Family Dollar investment in July 2010, reporting that it had acquired the equivalent of 87 million shares.
 Icahn Sells Icahn disclosed in June that he had acquired the equivalent of 1069 million shares, primarily through the use of over-the-counter option contracts.
 Bank of America or firms it acquired issued about $965 billion in mortgage bonds before the financial crisis, with three-quarters coming from Countrywide, according to an April research note from Sanford C.
 and Slovenia’s Adria Airways and also has acquired Q400 turboprops on lease to Croatia Airlines.
 Zodiac was formed when Carlyle and Zodiac Aerospace SA acquired WaterPik Technologies Inc.
 Staubach’s company wasacquired in 2008 by Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
 The company now distributes ads to about 1 billion smartphones and tablets through a mobile-advertising exchange it acquired last year called MoPub Inc.
 Beazer Pre-Owned has acquired more than 1,300 rental houses since 2012 with $100 million in initial backing from investors led by buyout firm KKR & Co.
 Putnam Marketing Great-West acquired Putnam in 2007 from Marsh & McLennan Cos.
 The dispute is taking place while both Time Warner Cable and DirecTV are being acquired.
 Inbursa acquired a small bank in Brazil this year to expand outside Mexico, and Grupo Carso SAB, Slim’s holding company, is exploring for oil in Colombia.
 America Movil was spun off a decade later and eventually acquired its former parent.
 When Slim acquired control of Telmex, the company’s tiny mobile-phone unit had 35,000 subscribers, trailing market leader Iusacell.
 Horton acquired Crown Communities Inc, a closely held builder operating in Georgia, South Carolina and eastern Alabama, for $210 million.
 Edelman, based in Chicago and New York, acquired a majority stake in Pegasus, a Chinese PR firm, from its three founders, including Rui Chenggang, in 2007 “to expand our capabilities in China,” the company said today in an e-mailed statement.
 “In 2007, Edelman acquired a majority stake in Pegasus, a preeminent Chinese PR firm, to expand our capabilities in China,” Edelman said in the statement.
 Some are being acquired by entrepreneurs wanting to jump into the bitcoin market with business ideas who need an easy-to-find website, McLaughlin said.
 Freeport acquired Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 Freeport acquired Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 Boots & Coots was acquired by Halliburton Co.
 Match Hospitality AG said in a statement that it is suspending tickets acquired by Reliance Industries Ltd, Jet Set Sports and Pamodzi Sports “pending further investigations” after entries containing their names were seized by police.
 The Zurich-based agency canceled tickets acquired by another company, Atlanta Sportif Management.
 agreed to buy for about $2 billion earlier this year, acquired software startup RakNet to make it easier to add features like chatting to video games.
 GSO, acquired by New York-based Blackstone in 2008, expects to produce annualized returns of about 15 percent with the fund, according to a prospectus today.
 His holdings include an 83 percent stake acquired from AT&T last month for $56 billion.
 “This in the short and medium term may actually slow down the transformation of the telecom sector in Mexico because there’s no actor big enough now to make investment decisions in infrastructure” America Movil has gone through various configurations since Slim acquired Telefonos de Mexico, the state phone monopoly, in a 1990 privatization sale.
 Both companies grew internationally with acquisitions throughout Latin America, and America Movil acquired full control of Telmex, its former parent, in 2012.
 The carrier, which only operates in Mexico, was valued at $32 billion when Televisa acquired a 50 percent stake in the company in 2012.
 The seller, Astra Trading, had previously acquired the refinery in 2005 for $425 million.
 The company has three other stores in New Mexico operated through its Jinja Bar and Bistro brands acquired in 2011.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- Romanian anti-corruption prosecutors opened an investigation in connection with licenses acquired by the Romanian government from Microsoft Corp.
 XPO also acquired Atlantic Central Logistics for $365 million in cash.
 The company has also redesigned its home page and acquired Tumblr, a blogging service that helps draw younger users to Yahoo.
 The company initially acquired four ships by issuing stock to several entities, including an affiliate of Seacor Holdings Inc, a Fort Lauderdale, Florida, operator of cargo ships that is run by Charles Fabrikant.
 Ernst & Young acquired Washington Council in 2000.
 To complement its expansion in China, Manhattan Resources also acquired land in Ningbo, a city that’s a three-hour car or train ride from Shanghai, to build a 270-meter (886-foot) office tower that will house its China headquarters, Low said.
 acquired in 2008.
 ‘Thousand Cuts’ Richer said S&P expects the company will “return to a more favorable cash flow position next year” Some of the current cash drain is from what 21st Century is spending to integrate its acquired businesses, she said.
 The company was acquired in February 2008 for $9985 million by Vestar Capital Partners Inc, a New York-based private-equity firm that also owns proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services Inc, grocery supplier American Roland Food Corp.
 The mine was acquired in a $9 billion takeover in 2010 and is situated inside the Luise Caldera, a crater of an extinct volcano.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- The Princeton Review agreed to be acquired by Tutorcom, a unit of Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, to bolster its test preparation services.
 He’s acquired hundreds of struggling pubs and plans to turn them around by tracking everything from the price charged for beer to daily sales fluctuations to customers’ drink preferences.
 It also acquired Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc’s Eagle Ford shale assets for $31 billion, doubling its crude output.
 “Basically the mix at TBS and TNT is, it’s about 70 percent acquired, it’s about 20 percent original in terms of slots and about 10 percent sports, which were impactful and important but expensive,” he said at an investor conference in December.
 Dianping customers have boosted their use of Tencent’s payment service since Asia’s largest Internet company in February acquired a 20 percent stake in the website that offers user reviews of restaurants, Long said in Tokyo July 11.
 American Homes 4 Rent, the largest publicly-traded landlord, with about 26,000 homes, acquired 1,300 more last week from Beazer Homes USA Inc.
 The transaction fulfills the ambitions of two billionaire activist investors, Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz, who had acquired major stakes in Family Dollar and pushed for a sale.
 The deal adds to the $35 billion-a-year Symbicort treatment and gives AstraZeneca new versions of the medicines for chronic lung disease it acquired from Pearl Therapeutics last year.
 Glaxo Competition The Eklira-formoterol combination of drugs could come on the market faster than a treatment AstraZeneca acquired last year from Pearl Therapeutics, and could compete with GlaxoSmithKline Plc’s Anoro and Novartis AG’s Ultibro, said Michael Shah and Sam Fazeli, analysts for Bloomberg Intelligence, in a research note.
 Private-equity owners are lining up to sell stakes acquired over the last few years as deal-making volumes return to pre-crisis levels for both mergers and equity capital markets in Europe, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Eltel, which 3i acquired in 2007, reported revenues of 12 billion euros last year, a 04 percent rise over 2012, and earnings before interest, taxes and amortization of 524 million euros including one-time exceptional items.
 Countrywide, acquired under Moynihan’s predecessor, has been blamed by lawmakers and regulators for using lax underwriting standards and predatory lending that fueled its ascent to the biggest US.
 Singapore-based OCBC this month acquired Wing Hang Bank Ltd.
July 18 (Bloomberg) -- Danone, the world’s biggest yogurt maker, said it acquired 40 percent of Brookside Dairy Ltd.
 before it was acquired by AT&T Canada Corp.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- IAC/InterActiveCorp, the Internet holding company controlled by billionaire Barry Diller, acquired the dating and media assets of This Life Inc’s HowAboutWe service, which suggests things to do on romantic outings.
 BlackRock, co-founded by Fink in 1988, acquired Barclays Global Investors in December 2009 to expand into passive investments such as exchange-traded funds.
 The auction house was acquired by Pinault’s holding company, Artemis SA, for $12 billion in 1998.
 Petrobras acquired the licenses where it is seeking extensions in 1998 and has full ownership.
 Russell Stover is being acquired from the family of Lou Ward, who bought the company in 1960.
 The Russell Stover purchase will produce similar benefits to when the Swiss company acquired California-based Ghirardelli Chocolate Co.
 was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2006.
 He steered the lender through the financial crisis without posting a quarterly loss and acquired Bear Stearns Cos.
 Hitachi holds more than 600 patents for rare-earth magnets globally, some of which it acquired after taking over Sumitomo Special Metals Co.
 Media Mergers “In both cases they’re being acquired by companies with better credit profiles in terms of leverage and cash flow and the market thinks they will trade more in-line with their acquirers,” Dave Novosel, a Chicago-based senior bond analyst at Gimme Credit LLC, said in a telephone interview.
 London-based Rio Tinto Group acquired aluminum producer Alcan Inc.
 HSBC bought Lloyds operations for $769 million in 2012, while Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC acquired RBS retail banking assets in 2010.
 Noah Reynolds, a former certified public accountant who lives in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, acquired a 63 percent stake in Crumbs through the purchase of 800,000 common shares, according to a filing yesterday with the US.
 The company acquired a 17-acre plot in central Mumbai from DLF for 27 billion rupees in 2012.
 The suit may be the first shareholder challenge to the deal, which was prompted by billionaire investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz, who acquired major stakes in Family Dollar.
 The company acquired the blood-cancer treatment Kyprolis in its $104 billion purchase of Onyx Pharmaceuticals last year, and has an experimental cholesterol drug the company will submit this year for regulatory approval.
 operator acquired it in 2012 for $55 million, occurred primarily at trade-association meetings before the purchase.
 Santander Bank, previously named Sovereign Bank, pulled out of the neighborhoods and focused on white communities after being acquired by the Madrid-based lender in 2009, the city alleged.
 The purchase transforms the dollar-store market and fulfills the ambitions of billionaire investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz, who had acquired major stakes in Family Dollar and pushed for a sale.
 Icahn disclosed last month that he’d acquired 94 percent of Family Dollar and urged the company to put itself up for sale “immediately” Today’s agreement means his stake increased in value by about $150 million over the weekend.
 The 600-page judgment by an arbitration panel in The Hague this week found Rosneft, which acquired most of Yukos’s assets after they were seized and sold off, and Gazprom to be instrumental in the campaign.
 A Dutch remnant of Yukos received $425 million from Rosneft in 2010 to cover loans given to a Russian affiliate before Rosneft acquired it.
 network of nuclear power stations, has acquired a company that plans to export natural gas from the shale boom.
 Galveston attracted Apache as a partner and was later acquired by EOG.
 Sovereign was acquired by Banco Santander SA of Spain in 2009.
July 9 (Bloomberg) -- EBay Inc’s Braintree unit, an electronic-payment system for businesses acquired last year, is seeking to make it simpler for e-commerce companies to get customers to buy on mobile devices.
 It also fulfills the ambitions of billionaire investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz, who had acquired major stakes in Family Dollar and pushed for a sale.
 ITV jumped 62 percent to 1951 pence after Liberty Global acquired a 64 percent stake for 481 million pounds.
 A number of investors that acquired the so-called empowerment stakes at discounts subsequently sold them, diluting the companies’ black shareholding.
 over claims the South Korean semiconductor maker wrongfully acquired information related to memory chips.
 MetLife and Norges Bank Investment Management acquired the One Beacon Street building for about $561 million, the New York-based company said today in a statement.
 “One Beacon Street in Boston adds a high-quality asset in a core market to our joint portfolio” The property was acquired from a venture of Beacon Capital Partners and Munich-based insurer Allianz SE, according to the statement.
 The tower changed hands for $423 million in 2006, according to data compiled by PropertyShark, and Allianz acquired a 50 percent stake from Beacon Capital in 2009, according to a statement at the time that didn’t disclose terms.
 “We have acquired an asset of great fundamental value at a basement price,” Dion said today.
 Dalian Wanda acquired British yachtmaker Sunseeker International Ltd.
 In January it acquired 80 percent of the insurance unit of Portugal’s Caixa Geral de Depositos SA for 1 billion euros -- beating US.
 Maersk earlier this week wrote down its Brazilian assets by $17 billion after oil volumes from acquired fields came in at the low end of the company’s expectations.
 Hugh “Skip” McGee, one of the most senior dealmakers to join Barclays when it acquired Lehman’s North American operation, also stepped down.
 EQT acquired IP-Only last year, using the unit to chase Sweden’s municipalities to cede control of local networks.
 have acquired hedge funds to manage client money directly.
 acquired Lloyds Banking Group Plc’s Lloyds TSB Registrars shareholder-services business in a management buyout.
 They were built by McDonnell Douglas Corp, acquired by Boeing Co.
 The taxi-booking services would prefer to pursue an initial public offering rather than be fully acquired, Lu said without elaborating.
 The Ekati mine, acquired last year from BHP Billiton Ltd, is Toronto-based Dominion’s first attempt at running an excavation.
 Facebook, which acquired WhatsApp Inc.
 It has acquired companies such as Tiny Prints and Wedding Paper Divas to round out a portfolio of stationery, greeting cards and invitations.
 It also acquired Kodak Gallery from Eastman Kodak Co, in 2012.
 Sasol bought a stake in the firm in 1995 and acquired the rest of the company in 2002.
 Businesses Built Hedge funds, private-equity firms and real estate investment trusts have acquired as many as 200,000 homes, mostly in the past two years, and used them to build rental businesses from the rubble of the US.
 Greenland is converting a heritage-listed state government building it acquired in Sydney last year into a hotel to capitalize on its central location and growing demand from Chinese travelers, said Sherwood Luo, managing director of Greenland Australia, the Shanghai-based developer’s local subsidiary.
 Trian initially disclosed its Family Dollar investment in July 2010, reporting that it had acquired the equivalent of 87 million shares.
 Icahn disclosed in June that he had acquired the equivalent of 1069 million shares, primarily through the use of over-the-counter option contracts.
 In 2003, 3M acquired NEC’s 25 percent stake, which increased 3M’s interest to 75 percent.
 In 30 years of fishing, the most expensive, technologically advanced piece of equipment we’ve acquired in pursuit of fish is our car.
 They were built by McDonnell Douglas Corp, acquired by Boeing Co.
 Rockwood sold assets while Ghasemi was in charge and on July 15, less than a month after his departure, announced it would be acquired by Albemarle Corp.
 Government consistently receives the best price on commercial items acquired for its use,” he said.
 It’s not clear what Mountain View, California-based Google plans to do with the eight-story Embarcadero property, acquired from Ares Management LP and USAA Real Estate Co.
 The Embarcadero building and One Market Plaza were part of a group of properties that Morgan Stanley acquired from Blackstone in a June 2007 deal financed with commercial mortgage-backed securities that marked the previous real estate peak.
 AREA Property Partners, since acquired by Ares, took over the Embarcadero office from Morgan Stanley upon the default of a mezzanine loan and brought in USAA as co-owner, according to Real Capital.
 The stock had surged 69 percent this year amid speculation the company would be acquired.
 Earlier this month, Mylan acquired some of Abbott’s generic drugs business in Europe, Canada and Japan to establish a presence in those markets.
 Iusacell was valued at $32 billion when Televisa acquired a 50 percent stake in the company in 2012.
 Glaxo also acquired most of Novartis’s vaccines business.
 Since January, L’Oreal has acquired facial-mask maker Magic Holdings International Ltd.
 Facebook, which acquired mobile photo-sharing service Instagram in 2012, has given the business independence within the company.
 Soros Fund Management LLC also acquired put options on Energy Select ETF shares with a market value of $270 million during the second quarter.
 EBay acquired Braintree for $800 million in cash last year to expand its mobile-transactions business.
 economy has boosted the value of Berkshire’s stock portfolio and helped propel growth at the dozens of companies that Buffett, 83, acquired during his four-decade tenure as chairman and chief executive officer.
 economy has boosted the value of Berkshire’s stock portfolio and helped propel growth at the dozens of companies that Buffett, 83, acquired during his four-decade tenure as chairman and chief executive officer.
 “It’s like Nest for companies,” said Doerr, comparing Enlighted to Nest Labs Inc, the smart thermostat maker -- also backed by Kleiner Perkins -- that Google acquired for $32 billion in February.
 A math and physics major, Costello acquired more than a dozen companies as CEO from 1987 to 1997, turning the software maker into a leading supplier in the $67 billion industry, according to Summit Research.
 In 2005, Extra Space acquired Storage USA in a joint venture with Prudential Real Estate, adding 458 properties to its 140.
 In the past three years, the company acquired 18 businesses in 16 countries.
 “Projects are going on to integrate and optimize the businesses acquired in 2013” IMCD had a net loss in the first half of 557,000 euros compared with profit of 23 million euros a year earlier.
 It has acquired companies such as Tiny Prints and Wedding Paper Divas to round out a portfolio of stationery, greeting cards and invitations.
 It also acquired Kodak Gallery from Eastman Kodak Co, in 2012.
 Vancouver-based West Fraser Timber Co, the largest in North America by lumber capacity, acquired two sawmills in Arkansas this year to add to lumber mills in eight other US.
 Blackstone acquired a minority stake in Senator, the firm said in a February letter to investors that didn’t disclose terms.
 It acquired Forest Laboratories Inc.
 Smithfield Foods was acquired last year by Shuanghui International Holdings Ltd, which is now named WH Group Ltd.
 In April, Marubeni and GIB acquired a 50 percent stake in the project from a unit of Dong Energy A/S of Denmark, according to the statement.
 announced that it would be acquired by Tokio Marine Holdings Inc.
 Family Dollar last week agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree after investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz had pushed for a sale.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Houston billionaire Richard Kinder’s estimated $44 billion deal to consolidate his pipeline empire will weigh on the credit ratings of two of the publicly-traded partnerships being acquired by Kinder Morgan Inc, according to research firm Gimme Credit LLC.
 The rights aren’t exercisable until 10 percent of Hertz common stock is acquired by one person or group, excluding passive institutional investors, in which case the threshold is 15 percent.
 “He stabilized the business, acquired a robust spectrum portfolio and attracted SoftBank,” Chaplin said in an interview in June.
 CBS considered bidding for CNN after Rupert Murdoch said he would sell the 24-hour news channel if he acquired Time Warner Inc, the current owner.
 The company agreed to buy more than 2,000 towers from Etisalat Nigeria earlier this month and said it would invest further $100 million in the towers acquired.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Paulson & Co, the $23 billion firm run by John Paulson, acquired an office building in San Juan, Puerto Rico, from American International Group Inc.
 The stake Slim acquired from AT&T for $557 billion was worth $654 billion at yesterday’s close -- a 17 percent gain.
 That brings its total returns on the Spirit investment to $32 billion from its its original $375 million investment when it acquired the airplane parts manufacturer from Boeing Co.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Goldentree Asset Management LP and Avenue Capital Group LLC, which acquired Travelodge Hotels Ltd.
 and acquired fashion site Ideeli.
 Oil Search Ltd, Exxon’s partner, acquired part of Elk-Antelope this year.
 The Hong Kong-listed media company appointed a new chief executive officer this month, after Alibaba acquired 60 percent of it for about $800 million.
 Petroliam Nasional, known as Petronas, acquired Progress Energy Resources Corp.
 Exxon Mobil Corp, which also is proposing an LNG terminal, acquired Celtic Exploration Ltd.
 The coal unit has 27 exploration permits in Queensland state and last year acquired the shuttered Blair Athol mine from Rio Tinto Group with plans to reopen it.
 1 strategic priority, which was a sense I never got from Bart” Mucinex, for instance, was only a nasal decongestant when RB acquired it in 2008.
 “They’re slowly coming back into the game, which is good for all aircraft manufacturers” Embraer missed the start of the business-jet rally because it lacks a large intercontinental offering like the Gulfstream G650 acquired by Exxon Mobil, Wal-Mart and Qualcomm Inc.
 Strong demand for solar power is benefiting Shunfeng and Wuxi Suntech Power, which it acquired in April for 3 billion yuan.
 settlement with Bank of America Corp, which acquired Countrywide in 2008.
 Last quarter, SAP’s software and support revenue -- a measure that excludes acquired cloud-computing tools -- grew just 2 percent.
 Acquired Programs Leukert said SAP needs to show its Business Suite customers a long-term path toward getting much of their software into an SAP-run computing cloud, and how recently acquired programs can work smoothly with those that users have been running for years.
 For instance, SuccessFactors’ Employee Central, an HR product for tracking workers’ performance acquired by SAP in a $34 billion deal in 2012, will converge with SAP’s traditional payroll system if customers move their HR software to the cloud, Leukert said.
 In the past year, the company has acquired ad technology firms such as Convertro Inc, Gravity and Adaptv Inc.
 That is a challenge, since some companies may simply seek to use the data acquired at Siemens’s expense, according to Kaeser.
 at 383 Madison Ave, which it acquired in 2008.
 With many of the operations that will probably be spunoff acquired as part of the Melbourne-based company’s 2001 takeover of Billiton Plc, the plan also bookends an era of ever-rising prices.
 acquired 56 million shares of Allergan valued at $948 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Leon Black’s publishing company Phaidon acquired Artspacecom, an Internet startup that sells works by contemporary artists, as investors struggle to figure out how to make money from art online.
 In its application, Kosciuszko Thredbo, which owns ski resort, restaurant and retail operations, is now arguing that the term “Thredbo” has acquired the meaning of its “complete branded entity,” the Herald reported.
 “Interest rates can be as low as you like; if employment is low people won’t be buying houses or renovating homes” Last month, the insulation, roofing and ceiling supplier acquired Sodimat SAS, a French distributor of flat roofing products, for 44 million euros ($58 million).
 The 31,500 square-meter (339,000 square-foot) Le Madeleine building has been completely refurbished since it was acquired by Blackrock Europe Property Fund III in 2009, the world’s largest money manager said in a statement today.
 may announce a spinoff of assets estimated to be worth as much as $12 billion next week, as the world’s biggest mining company casts aside operations acquired in the 2001 purchase of Billiton Plc.
 “It’s pretty easy to see that you’re going to be able to print a house, and that it’s going to be different and better that what we are making now, the old-fashioned way,” said Holman, who has advised MakerBot Industries LLC, a printer maker acquired last year by Stratasys Ltd.
 Manufacturing problems in the second quarter impeded Meda’s delivery capacity for Elidel, a treatment for atopic dermatitis that it acquired from Novartis AG in 2011, the company said today in a statement.
 Kunoch acquired the stake by buying Actis DB Holdings Ltd, which holds 148 percent of Nigeria’s Diamond Bank, the lender said today in a statement.
 It acquired Summit Entertainment LLC, the studio that produced the “Twilight” series, for $4125 million in January 2012.
 Feltham, England-based Perform acquired RunningBall for as much as 120 million euros ($160 million) in June 2012.
 “Notwithstanding, as part of the investigation into last week’s events we have already commenced a full and proper review to ensure that is the case” Perform said RunningBall’s observers had supplied information from 156,000 matches since it acquired the Huenenberg, Switzerland-based unit.
 “The match data was recorded accurately and in line with RunningBall’s protocols” Shares of Feltham, England-based Perform, which acquired RunningBall for as much as 120 million euros ($160 million) in 2012, were up 07 percent at 2281 pence at 3:45 pm.
 It competes with Facecom, which was acquired by Facebook Inc.
 Those years for Chrysler represented multiple owners, including the then-Daimler-Benz AG, which acquired Chrysler in 1998.
 ICD acquired the resort Dubai World, another Dubai government holding company, at the end of 2013.
 Cruises are a major trend and new target groups are discovering them” TUI Cruises, based in Hamburg, received its first newly built ship in June, after starting operations with two vessels acquired from partner Royal Caribbean.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- ValueAct Capital Management LLC, the activist hedge fund run by Jeffrey Ubben, acquired a new $1 billion stake in 21st Century Fox Inc.
 NRT, the biggest residential brokerage operator, also acquired the assets of Dallas GTF Inc, a Texas-based firm that has 1,600 rental homes under management in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, Realogy said yesterday in a statement.
 For Realogy, the new structure will take previously acquired property-management operations and “formalize it into a division that will become, given our footprint, one of the largest in the country pretty soon,” Richard Smith, chief executive officer of the Madison, New Jersey-based company, said in an interview.
 The New York-based firm acquired 56 million shares of Allergan valued at $948 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 Buffett, 83, has struck some of his biggest deals in the last few years, adding to the earnings Berkshire already gets from operating businesses including auto insurer Geico and railroad BNSF, which was acquired in 2010.
 “They could be acquired at any time” Blockbuster Treatment InterMune is awaiting clearance from the FDA to market its potential blockbuster treatment for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, which causes scarring in the lungs and makes it difficult to breathe.
 Morgan, where Hancock rose to chief financial officer before it was acquired by Chase Manhattan Corp, he helped develop credit-default swaps as he pushed the bank to limit the chance of losses from commercial lending.
 The Mountain View, California-based company, which has stepped up dealmaking this year, has acquired other companies for X including last year purchasing wind-turbine developer Makani Power.
 Pershing Square acquired 254 million Allergan shares for $322 billion, according to an April regulatory filing.
 Tiger Global, based in New York, acquired 400,300 shares of Los Gatos, California-based Netflix that were valued at $1764 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Symrise AG will harness technology acquired in the $18 billion takeover of Diana Group, its largest purchase ever, to expand further into nutritional supplements.
 A bank that has 28 billion liras of non-performing loans shouldn’t be acquired by the government, Bulut said in comments published by Sabah newspaper.
 New York-based Blackstone Group LP acquired Irving, Texas-based subprime lender Exeter Finance Corp.
 They “inflicted billions of dollars of harm on the company” Hewlett-Packard acquired Autonomy, a UK-based software maker, for $104 billion in 2010.
 While two of Temasek’s six biggest listed global holdings by market value are still Chinese lenders, it also acquired stakes in consumer-related firms this year and last.
 More Examination Lenovo was successful in getting Cfius approval in 2005 for an earlier deal, in which the Chinese company acquired IBM’s personal-computer unit for $125 billion.
 Mexichem has acquired 17 companies since 2007 and agreed to buy German chemical maker Vestolit GmbH from Strategic Value Partners LLC for 219 million euros ($293 million) on Aug.
 The Hong Kong-listed media company appointed a new chief executive officer this month, after Alibaba acquired 60 percent of it for about $800 million.
 The company has partnerships with home energy management providers including SmartThings, which was recently acquired by Samsung Electronics Co, and Google Inc’s Nest Labs unit.
 “Marcelo, a street fighter, has enlarged Brightstar from zero to a wholesale firm crossing more than 100 countries,” said Son, who acquired control of Brightstar last year.
 In May, the company said it acquired two US-based units of Cardiff Holdings to help customize payment cards for local financial institutions.
 In the more recent span, Buffett pushed the company into regulated capital-intensive businesses such as utilities and railroad BNSF, which he acquired in 2010 for more than $26 billion.
 Northern Star Resources Ltd, which has agreed deals worth $166 million since December, expects to extend the life of the Jundee mine purchased from Newmont in May and beat production forecasts at Australian operations acquired from Barrick.
 “We are good operators,” Richard Weston, executive vice president for Australasia at Gold Fields, which last year acquired three Barrick mines, said in an interview.
 Rosneft under today’s deal also awarded a five-year contract for the onshore rigs acquired by North Atlantic.
 Salesforce has acquired companies including the purchase in July of data management startup RelateIQ Inc, and e-mail marketing provider ExactTarget last year, and has struck partnerships including an agreement with Microsoft Corp.
 “Marcelo, a street fighter, has enlarged Brightstar from zero to a wholesale firm crossing more than 100 countries,” said Son, who acquired control of Brightstar last year.
 claims that it violated antitrust laws when it acquired USG Corp.
 The drug is manufactured in Owensboro, Kentucky, by Kentucky Bioprocessing LLC, which was acquired by Reynolds American Inc.
 According to the patent office database, the patents were acquired by QualiQode Feb.
 Global Recession Germany’s HeidelbergCement, which has a market value of 107 billion euros ($143 billion), acquired Hanson for $18 billion in 2007, just before the global recession led to a slump in construction projects and stripped the company of its investment-grade credit rating.
 That company was acquired by Intel Corp.
 “What you see is that specific competitors are regrouping,” said Robert Jan Vos, an analyst at ABN Amro, citing Shaw’s, which was among chains acquired last year by a Cerberus Capital Management LP-led investor group for $33 billion.
 Fosun also operates a life insurance joint venture in China with Prudential Financial Inc, and acquired 80 percent of Portugal’s Caixa Geral de Depositos SA’s insurance unit in January.
 Wilton, which specializes in buying run-off businesses from insurers, this month acquired Continental Assurance Co.
 studio acquired the Eyeworks BV businesses outside the US, gaining international production capabilities, in a deal that accounted for most of the company’s $860 million in acquisitions so far this year.
 The oil and gas explorer jumped yesterday after activist investor Orange Capital LLC acquired a 53 percent stake in Bellatrix with as it seeks board changes and a possible sale.
 The private-equity firm is looking to unload the business, which it acquired through its GSO Capital Partners LP unit, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Post Holdings Inc, the maker of Raisin Bran and Erewhon cereals, fell the most ever after reporting a third-quarter loss as it struggled to integrate companies acquired in the past year.
 Alfaro Escobar and her husband, Oswaldo Menjivar, a carpenter, continue to pay the first mortgage on the home they bought for $385,000 in 2002 with a $308,000 first mortgage from America’s Wholesale Lender, which was later acquired by Bank of America.
 Mexichem, based in Tlalnepantla, Mexico, has acquired more than 15 companies since 2007 and is considering further ventures as the nation opens its energy industry to private investment for the first time since 1938.
 The retailer announced today that it has acquired 27 outlets in the northeastern US.
 Among those who got Prevnar 13, there were 46 percent fewer first episodes of community-acquired pneumonia than among the placebo group.
 The unit, acquired in 2008, had net tangible assets of about $12 billion as at June 30, QBE said.
 Family Dollar last week agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree after investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz had pushed for a sale.
 BAE acquired most of its South African land-systems assets via its purchase of Alvis Plc a decade ago.
 Moreira Rato helped run a small hedge fund called Nau Capital LLP that was acquired by Eurofin after Moreira Rato left the fund in 2010, the report said, citing UK.
 CBS considered bidding for CNN after Rupert Murdoch said he would sell the 24-hour news channel if he acquired Time Warner Inc, the current owner.
 Madison Dearborn and partners acquired Schrader from the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board’s Pinafore Holdings BV unit for $505 million in April 2012, backed in part by $335 million in loans.
 auto-parts supplier acquired by the Canadian fund in 2010.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Sound Global Ltd, a Chinese wastewater-treatment company, acquired Bazhong Best Environmental Investment Ltd.
 Montreal, Maine & Atlantic changed its name to Central Maine & Quebec after the assets were acquired by a unit of Fortress Investment Group LLC.
 Morgan Stanley played a key role in saving it from being acquired, and Rosneft hired three consecutive chief financial officers from the bank.
 It was acquired four days later by Rosneft with funds from state banks, bringing to the oil company a unit that pumped about 1 million barrels a day.
 The company also highlighted delays with the installation of a computer system, hampering its ability to integrate Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group Inc, acquired in 2012 under Chief Executive Officer Mark Frissora.
 Lenovo was successful in getting CFIUS approval in 2005 for an earlier deal, in which the Chinese company acquired IBM’s personal-computer unit for $125 billion.
 The Sadas each acquired almost 241 million shares, Vitro said today.
 Micron acquired bankrupt Japanese rival Elpida Memory Inc.
 Sprint, acquired by SoftBank in 2013, is struggling to retain users as the company is said to have scrapped plans to bid for smaller competitor T-Mobile US Inc.
 Hybrid Projects The installation of the smaller fossil-fueled turbines acquired from Rolls-Royce in renewables plants is an example of technology whose application is promising but still relatively untested in the eyes of customers, necessitating extra financing support.
 economy has boosted the value of Berkshire’s stock portfolio and helped propel growth at the dozens of operating business that Buffett, 83, acquired during his four-decade tenure as chairman and chief executive officer.
 Last week, Demand Media, a Santa Monica, California-based digital content and media company, acquired Saatchi Art, an online art gallery which offers works by 45,000 artists, for $17 million in cash and stock.
 “Blu is still the number one in the market and it’s a brand that we will seek to internationalize” Cooper, who joined in 1999 as finance manager and becameCEO in 2010, has some experience building acquired brands afterImperial bought Altadis in 2008, adding Gauloises cigarettes andCohiba cigars.
 Perry, based in New York, acquired 143 million shares of Detroit-based Ally that were valued at $3412 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 Most of the 10 percent stake is being allocated among and acquired by senior executives, including USM Chief Executive Officer Ivan Streshinsky, OAO MegaFon CEO Ivan Tavrin and board members.
 Houston-based Enterprise Products Partners LP stopped paying those fees altogether in 2010, when it acquired its management company; Enbridge Energy Partners LP, also based in Houston, will pay about 18 percent in fees this year, Morgan Stanley estimated in a research note Aug.
 New York-based NorthStar earlier this year acquired $105 billion of senior housing and skilled-nursing facilities.
 Facebook Inc, owner of the largest social-networking service, last year acquired a startup called Parse that offers technology to help companies more quickly build an application and keep users engaged.
 near Detroit, says he was let go more than five years ago in a round of mass firings after the company was acquired by Hewlett-Packard Co.
 The piece, which had been acquired by American collectors of Chinese porcelain in the early 20th century and passed down in the same family, soared to $23 million.
 Most of Yukos’s largest assets were acquired in a series of forced sales by OAO Rosneft, which has since become the world’s largest publicly traded oil company by output.
 Most of Yukos’s largest assets were acquired in a series of forced sales by OAO Rosneft, which has since become the world’s largest publicly traded oil company by output.
 The results from the Duke-led study showed the water from five of the 20 wells tested exceeds minimum safety level, including the two wells that were clean and then acquired dangerous levels of methane in later tests.
 EBay last year acquired mobile-payment service Braintree for $800 million, and dozens of otherstartups have been bought by the likes of Google and Intuit IncStripe’s growth will also depend partly on whether Apple Pay andTwitter’s commerce efforts take off.
 Investigation He said Julius Baer won’t be acquired while it remains under investigation in the US.
 Francisco Partners acquired a majority stake in EFront in 2011 that valued the company at 68 million euros ($88 million), according to a statement at the time.
 Lewis said his preferred method of investing is not to become an activist at all, pointing to his passive holdings in Amaya Gaming Group Inc, which acquired PokerStars for $49 billion in June, creating the largest publicly held gaming company in the world.
 The ones that do succeed “will either becomeacquirers or be acquired” To contact the reporter on this story:Gabrielle Coppola in New York at gcoppola@bloombergnet To contact the editors responsible for this story:Nikolaj Gammeltoft at ngammeltoft@bloombergnetDana El Baltaji Press spacebar to pause and continue.
 Yet the relationship has hit bumps since VMware acquired a Cisco rival, Nicira Networks Inc, in 2012.
 acquired control of The Hub from partner Hasbro Inc.
 Miskovsky previously was CEO of Zep Solar Inc, a producer of rooftop-solar mounting equipment that was acquired in October by SolarCity Corp.
 Bank of America misreported its capital from 2009 to 2013 because it didn’t realize losses on a portfolio of structured notes and other financial products it acquired in its purchase of Merrill Lynch, the Securities and Exchange Commission said in a statement yesterday.
 The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe into Bashneft, an oil producer Sistema acquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said late yesterday in Moscow.
 Eicher, which acquired control of Enfield India in 1993 and revived the almost-bankrupt unit, has about 100 dealers in the US.
 The entrepreneur remains chief executiveofficer of Instagram, which was acquired by social-networkingwebsite Facebook Inc.
 The group, which acquired Central American lender BAC Credomatic Inc.
 The detention stems from a probe into Bashneft, which Sistema acquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said late yesterday in Moscow.
 Canadian investors have acquired stakes in properties worth $83 billion this year, after $111 billion of deals in all of 2013, according to the New York-based company.
 Glaxo acquired the vaccine last year as part of its $324 million purchase of Okairos AG, which has inoculations in more advanced stages of testing for hepatitis C and malaria.
 Crown Castle acquired the rights to operate 7,200 T-Mobile towers for $24 billion in 2012, also for an average of about 28 years.
 For Electrolux, the deal is the first since 2011, when it acquired Compania Tecno Industrial SA for about $690 million to become the largest appliance supplier in Chile and Argentina.
 The proposal to seize foreign assets is negative for sentiment” The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe into Bashneft, which Sistema acquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said on Sept.
 Steel acquired its Canadian operations in 2007 when it purchased Hamilton, Ontario-based Stelco Inc.
 Nokia Oyj and Motorola Inc, the world’s two biggest mobile-phone makers at the time, barely survived the onslaught, fighting falling sales for years before finally being acquired.
 it acquired the business from fundsmanaged by Ashmore and other local shareholders.
 Salem acquired radio stations in various markets in the past year, as well as Eagle Publishing Inc, owner of conservative book publisher Regnery, for an undisclosed amount, Masyr said.
 The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe into OAO Bashneft, an oil producer Sistema acquired in 2009, Russia’s Investigative Committee said last week.
 acquired the rights to operate the road in 2006 from the Indiana Finance Authority, according to a company statement.
 It also operates a life insurance joint venture in China with Prudential Financial Inc, and acquired 80 percent of Portugal’s Caixa Geral de Depositos SA’s insurance unit in January.
 In 2008, his investment fund acquired a collection of movie-theater chains including Cinemex, which operated about 500 screens, mostly in the Mexico City area.
 Phone carriers that acquired airwaves in a previous auction will also have to pay fees of as much as 1552 million reais in recognition of cost savings they will gain from adding new spectrum.
 The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe into OAO Bashneft, an oil producer that his holding company Sistema acquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said on Sept.
 NBG acquired Finansbank in 2006.
 Jimmy Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores around the world.
 GreenStar, which was acquired by Toshiba in 2012, makes light emitting diodes for outdoor use and expects as much as $4 million revenue from its Indian business in the year ending March 2015.
 Starboard, which acquired a stake in the company, said Yahoo should review a tie-up with AOL to “unlock value” AOL shares gained 37 percent to $4455.
 Verizon is planning to start an Internet-based TV service in mid-2015 using technology it acquired earlier this year from Intel Corp.
 SABMiller is looking to make a large enough acquisition that would shield it from being acquired by growth-hungry Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, the world’s largest brewer.
 The rejection leaves SABMiller more vulnerable to being acquired by AB InBev, the maker of Budweiser and Stella Artois.
 Baloise Bank SoBa AG, a regional bank acquired in 2000, is part of the company’s core strategy and is not for sale, Strobel said.
 EBay acquired Braintree for $800 million in cash lastyear to expand its mobile-transactions business.
 (BAGL), the chain of bagel shops controlled by billionaireinvestor David Einhorn, agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding Coin a deal valued at $374 million.
 Canadian coffee-and-doughnuts chain Tim Hortons Inc, which is being acquired by Burger King Worldwide Inc.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Sprint Corp, working to make best use of airwaves acquired last year, is the only major US.
 Claure said he still expects Spark, which relies in part on 25-gigahertz wireless spectrum acquired last year from Clearwire Corp, to cover 100 million people by the end of the year.
 Under Alvarez’s watch, the closely held company started offering insurance and travel agency services and acquired Marks & Spencer stores in Spain.
 5 statement said it acquired the entire hotel for about $390 million.
 “We’re going to play unlimited, because we have the capacity to offer unlimited” Claure said only Sprint’s ownership of high-capacity spectrum, acquired last year with the purchase of Clearwire Corp, makes it possible for the company to offer unlimited-data plans, while AT&T Inc.
 SoftBank, controlled by Masayoshi Son, acquired a majority of Sprint last year for $216 billion, giving the Japanese billionaire access to the US.
 The Brazilian company acquired Africatel this year as one of the steps in its merger with Portugal Telecom SGPS SA.
 If Yahoo sold those remaining shares, it would have to pay a large amount of taxes, whereas it wouldn’t if Alibaba instead acquired Yahoo, Jackson said.
 The firm, which was acquired by RBS in 1988 and traces its history to 1828, has $1303 billion in assets.
 It’s part of Provo, Utah-based Vivint Inc, acquired in 2012 by Blackstone Group for about $2 billion.
 City Developments and a US-based investment company jointly acquired the 16,815 square meters (42 acres) plot in Tokyo’s Shirokane area from Seiko Holdings Corp, the developer said in a statement to the Singapore stock exchange today.
 Initial data acquired from northern Kenya indicates the figure for estimated oil resources is set to rise with increased drilling, said Petroleum Commissioner Martin Heya.
 Top Perch The takeover fight for Family Dollar began in July, whenthe company agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree for $7450 ashare.
 The decision to consider a sale highlights the challengesfaced by Katzenberg as he seeks to diversify beyond filmDreamWorks Animation, which previously looked for a buyer, hasexpanded its TV business and acquired Awesomeness TV, an onlinevideo network, while forming a partnership in China thatincludes live entertainment.
 Enterprise Holdings Inc, which acquired Vanguard and its Alamo and National brands in 2007, is the largest rental-car company in the US.
 Fundamental Long Term Care Holdings LLC, based in Sparks, Maryland, acquired all the stock of two Trans Health entities, THI of Baltimore and THI of Nevada, the judge ruled in May.
 Computer Equipment The defendants contend that Saacks incorporated Fundamental Long Term Care Inc, the current debtor, to acquire “computer equipment, which he intended to lease to Fundamental Administrative Services (a newly created entity that provided administrative services to the nursing homes acquired by FLTCH),” Williamson wrote.
 26 (Bloomberg) -- Activist investor Starboard Value LP, which has acquired a stake in Yahoo! Inc, said it wants the Web portal to explore a combination with AOL Inc.
 It acquired in April the main manufacturing unit of Suntech Power Holdings Co, which was once the world’s biggest solar panel maker.
 Another Zheng holding company acquired in 2013 as much as 25 percent of LDK Solar Co, the second-biggest photovoltaic wafer producer.
 “Barclays failed to establish this critical compliance foundation when it acquired Lehman’s advisory business, and as a result subjected its clients to a host of improper practices and inadequate disclosures” Julie Riewe, co-head of the asset management unit in the SEC’s enforcement division, said in a statement.
 has acquired mobile technology company Movirtu Ltd, shoring up its smartphone management features as it targets business users.
 households, could potentially be sold to a cable network company, while the company’s weather data could be acquired separately, one of the people said.
 Grupo Aval, which acquired Central America lender BAC Credomatic Inc.
 The announcement followed renewed speculation that the company could be acquired.
 “Until there’s more clarityon the investigation, Bashneft and Sistema will remain underpressure” The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe intoBashneft, an oil producer that his holding company Sistemaacquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said on Sept.
 Visteon’s electronics unit -- which now includes a business acquired from Johnson Controls Inc.
 to move forward, assailing an attempt by a former officer of the acquired company to derail the deal.
 Scott McNealy, former CEO of Sun Microsystems Inc, anOracle competitor that Ellison eventually acquired: “His longevity was that he had the stickiest productThose are the last software products that you can get out fromunder.
 “Well,that situation changed around a little bit” Caterpillar, which acquired engine manufacturer Electro-Motive Diesel four years ago, had scrapped the new-model programthat was on the boards at EMD after concluding railroads wouldhold off on purchases.
 Then they buy a foreign competitor that meets size requirements and pays that rate and reincorporate in the domicile of the acquired company.
 Instead, the company acquired rights to local favorites like “Stromberg,” a veteran show akin to “The Office,” as well as “Der Tatortreiniger,” a comedy series about a man who cleans up crime scenes.
 Brett Crosby left his post at Google last week to join Brew Johnson, once a lawyer for a company acquired by TripAdvisor Inc, to start PeerStreet Inc, a Los Angeles-based online platform for financing real estate through a form of crowdfunding.
 Eircomreturned to the stock market in 2004, before it was acquired in2006 in another leveraged buyout.
 Gatorade’s Endurance Formula line will replace PowerBar, which was acquired by Post Holdings Inc.
 Estimated Cost Mikitani acquired the land in February 2011 for anundisclosed price, according to the registration certificateAround the same time, a site in the same neighborhood sold for144 million yen per square meter, according to the landministry.
 Berkshire has 131 million Goldman Sachs shares, valued at more than $2 billion, that Buffett obtained through warrants acquired as part of a 2008 capital injection in the bank.
 Payment Services TransFirst, which Welsh Carson acquired in 2007, processed more than $48 billion in payments for more than 200,000 businesses in 2013, according to its July prospectus filed with the US.
 Investors aren’t ready to buy Russia yet because of Ukraine risks, and now Evtushenkov’s arrest has soured the mood further” The case against Evtushenkov stems from a probe into Bashneft, an oil producer that his holding company Sistema acquired in 2009, the Investigative Committee said on Sept.
 Starbucks, which gets more than 6 percent of revenue from its Asia unit, recently acquired the Teavana tea company and Bay Bread bakery to help attract customers with non-coffee items.
 In 1972, the work was acquired by Pierre and Sao Schlumberger.
 In April, Reynolds acquired the recordkeeping business of JPMorgan Chase & Co, catapulting Great-West to the No.
 Putnam has had more quarters of losses than gains since Great-West, Canada’s second-largest life insurer, acquired it in 2007.
 GM Financial acquired a Canadian leasing company and in the US.
 The targeted amount of the capital increase is guaranteedto be reached because Telefonica, which owns a 77 percent stake,will buy all the new shares to which it is entitled, and thebanks managing the offer agreed to purchase any shares notacquired, Telefonica Deutschland said.
 Disney acquired Marvel for $42 billion in 2009.
 Before joining Rimon, Lee served as the chief executive officer of Fly Online, a consumer travel provider acquired by Travelzoo, and vice president of Intellevate, an enterprise software and services company that was taken over by CPA Global.
 Last year Etihad Airways PJSC acquired a stake in Jet Airways (India) Ltd.
 It acquired the Brisas project in southeastern Venezuela in 1992.
 Other shoppers, both American and foreign, have made clear their intent to sell the devices as soon as they’re acquired to take advantage of early demand.
 The animated series, the first new “Star Wars” program since Disney acquired the franchise two years ago, will be available online before traditional TV.
 Boston Properties acquired a controlling stake in the skyscraper from Citigroup Inc.
 The Dollar Tree deal has been in FTC review since Family Dollar agreed to be acquired for $85 billion, or $7450 a share, in July.
 “This generation wants to be in communities that are self-contained” Kilroy Projects Kilroy has several mixed-use projects planned or under way, including two Hollywood, California, developments: the $400 million Columbia Square on Sunset Boulevard, which will include offices, residences and retail; and a $300 million office-and-apartment property on land acquired from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 jointly acquired the plant in February from Germany’s ThyssenKrupp AG for $155 billion.
 Moody’s cited “deposit volatility” and reduced probability that the lender will be acquired in the near-term after talks with state-run Ziraat Bank fell through on Aug.
 The Bangkok-based group has issued 130 billion baht ($4 billion) of bonds since October last year as it acquired discount wholesaler Siam Makro Pcl.
 Newmont was in discussions this year to be acquired by Toronto-based Barrick Gold Corp.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Maple Energy Plc tumbled to a record low after the refiner of natural gas and crude oil said it was no longer in talks to be acquired.
 Permira acquired Telepizza in 2006, valuing the company at 851 million euros.
 Blackstone, which acquired Heartland through its GSO Capital Partners LP unit, agreed to sell the restaurants for less than $100 million, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private.
 acquired SHFL Entertainment Inc.
 To date, Netflix has backed original series for its online service and acquired exclusive rights to documentaries including “The Square,” which was nominated for an Oscar.
 Under a deal last week with Weinstein and Endemol NV, Netflix acquired the rights to the British gangster series “Peaky Blinders” The streaming service also licensed pay-TV rights to Weinstein Co.
 If it goes private, CSC’s would be the largest leveraged buyout since Michael Dell and Silver Lake Management LLC acquired Dell Inc.
 and Ferrovial SA, acquired the rights to operate the road in 2006 from the Indiana Finance Authority, according to a company statement.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds ($818 million) in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 GE also hasacquired companies in the business, including Lightech in 2011and Albeo Technologies Inc.
 The firm acquired 20 million square feet (19million square meters) of prime industrial properties inCalifornia by buying debt on the assets at discounts.
 Centroacquired hundreds of US.
 (LQ), an operator of limited-service hotelsacquired in 2006.
 The bidding war over Family Dollar began in July, when the company agreed to be acquired by Chesapeake, Virginia-based Dollar Tree.
 The assets were part of SSAB, which Evraz acquired for $403 billion in 2008 as steel prices reached a peak.
 Kmart, Sears Kmart acquired Sears Roebuck in 2005 in a $123 billiontakeover that Lampert said would create a company with thegeographic reach and scale to compete with Wal-Mart Stores IncSales peaked at $53 billion in fiscal 2007, Bloomberg data show.
 Claure said he still expects Spark, which relies in part on 25-gigahertz wireless spectrum acquired last year from Clearwire Corp, to cover 100 million people by the end of the year.
 The private-equity firm Solera Capital LLC acquired control of the business in 2002.
 The company acquired Millipore Corp, a US.
 Merck acquired Swiss biotechnology company Serono in 2007, yet hasn’t had a major new drug approved since 2003.
 “The integrated portfolio of capabilities across technology and operations will uniquely position us to help clients drive higher levels of operational efficiency, while re-imagining care for the future” Apax Acquisition TriZetto was acquired by Apax, a London-based private-equity firm, for $119 billion in 2008.
 Hartford, AngloGold Paulson doesn’t have a reputation for seeking to shake up management on his own, though he previously made activist filings, for instance when disclosing an 84 percent stake that his hedge funds acquired in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.
 KSL Capital, a private-equity firm focused on travel andleisure that acquired ClubCorp in December 2006, owns about 51percent of the Dallas-based company.
 “It’s a chance for gaming fans to prove that their hobby belongs in the spotlight” Twitch Interactive Inc, which agreed to be acquired by Amazoncom Inc.
 The contest for Family Dollar began in July, when the company agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree for $85 billion, or $7450 a share.
 The currency gained about 63 percent against the pound during the seven years after the fund acquired the skyscraper.
 and the Chernin Group, acquired a majority stake in online video company Fullscreen Inc, the latest in a push by TV-industry players to offer programming over the Internet.
 They follow Walt Disney Co, which bought Maker Studios this year, and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc, which acquired Awesomeness TV in 2013, as TV companies use Web-based content to go after younger viewers.
 government claims that Countrywide Financial, which the bank acquired in 2008, had discriminated against black and Hispanic borrowers.
 “Barclays failed to establish this critical compliance foundation when it acquired Lehman’s advisory business, and as a result subjected its clients to a host of improper practices and inadequate disclosures” Julie Riewe, co-head of the asset management unit in the SEC’s enforcement division, said in the statement.
 Prysmian, which acquired Dutch competitor Draka in 2011, still sees the cable market as “too fragmented” and said the company aims to be “a consolidator,” according to Facchini.
 European IPO volumes climbed to the highest since 2006, fueled by private-equity owners looking to exit stakes they acquired before the global financial crisis.
 “It’s going to shift dollars, from morebroadcast-oriented stuff to more finely tuned messaging” Instagram Ads One added benefit of Atlas: the ability to use Facebookdata to target users of Instagram, the popular photo-sharingapplication it acquired in 2012.
 Mars, the maker of M&M’s candies, later acquired an additional 10 percent of the operation, though it declined to buy most of P&G’s slower-growing European business.
 Euronext acquired Liffe in 2002, and was then taken over byNYSE five years later to form NYSE Euronext.
 Microsoft, LG Microsoft Corp’s mobile-phone business acquired from Nokia Oyj is expanding manufacturing in Vietnam, as it scales back work in China.
 He won a fraud settlement from mortgage lender Countrywide Financial Corp, acquired by Bank of America Corp.
 The decision comes as Line expands its business abroad, putting it in increasing competition with WhatsApp Inc, the chat app being acquired by Facebook Inc, and Viber Media Ltd.
 For AT&T, the move expands distribution of Cricket’s pay-as-you-go brand, acquired with the purchase of Leap Wireless International Inc.
 Roche acquired Esbriet from InterMune Inc.
 and acquired Molopo Energy Ltd’s coal-bed methane holdings in 2012.
 “But how those visions play out is something to see as some of the economic objectives require things beyond the ministry of finance” Brodjonegoro has a doctorate in urban and regional planning from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in the US, where he also acquired a Master of Urban Planning.
 DBS acquired Societe Generale SA’s Asian private-banking business this year.
 The top banks on Graber’s list were JPMorgan, Citigroup and Bank of America, which was under scrutiny for bonds it acquired through its purchase of subprime lender Countrywide Financial Corp.
 The payment was for bonus and wages owed to Leung for his work at DTZ Holdings Plc, which UGL had acquired, Leung’s office said in a statement.
 The malls are being acquired from Paris-based Unibail-Rodamco SE, the largest commercial real estate company in Europe.
 Blackstone and a group of co-investors acquired Vivint’s three main assets in a $19 billion leveraged buyout in 2012, investing $714 million of equity.
 Barrick, the world’s biggest gold producer by output, acquired Lumwana when it bought Equinox Minerals Ltd.
 Snapfish was acquired by HP for an undisclosed amount in 2005.
 Founded in 1999, Shutterfly has since acquired companies such as Tiny Prints and Wedding Paper Divas to round out a portfolio of stationery, greeting cards and invitations.
 It also acquired Kodak Gallery from Eastman Kodak Co.
 “From November, I will be based in Montreal, Canada, leading the Aldo Group” Frisk helped revitalize the Timberland brand, which was acquired by Greensboro, North Carolina-based VF in 2011.
 Custom Shoes When VF acquired the brand, Timberland had an urban and utilitarian following.
 Firms including Goldman Sachs and Cerberus Capital Management LP have acquired real estate in Spain after home prices fell more than 45 percent from their 2007 peak.
 Former CEO Tom Albanese resigned unexpectedly last year after the company was forced to drastically write down the value of a coal project it had acquired in Mozambique.
 Outside of Silicon Valley, Google’s major real estate purchases include New York’s 111 Eighth Ave, a former industrial warehouse that takes up an entire block in the Chelsea neighborhood, which it acquired for $18 billion in 2010.
 Fastweb is one of the few sizable landline networks in Europe that may come up for sale, after Vodafone acquired Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG and Grupo Corporativo ONO SA in Spain in the past year.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Wuxi Suntech Power Co, the solar manufacturer acquired earlier this year by Shunfeng Photovoltaic International Ltd, plans to ship almost twice as many modules this year, in the latest sign of a rebound.
 “One of the big milestones that we just passed, just our last quarter, was the first time ever we acquired more users on QuickBooks online than on QuickBooks desktop” Intuit also has introduced new services to help developers build third-party software applications on top of Web-based products.
 The company also acquired Petrohawk Energy Corp.
 However, a bid “would prove there is indeed value” By the time Adidas acquired Reebok, the brand was already long past its heyday, when women in aerobics studios sported the ubiquitous white high-tops.
 The software provider, which acquired French IT services company Alti SA for 75 million euros ($96 million) last year, may also look at adding businesses in the US.
 Carlyle acquired 55 percent of the credit firm at the end of 2010.
 Austrian property investor Rene Benko in August acquired Kaufhof competitor Karstadt Warenhaus GmbH, including control of several high-end stores.
 The fund acquired the 585,000 square-foot (54,000 square-meter) office complex at King Edward St.
 ICE acquired NYSE Euronext last year to get into trading of interest-rate futures, also picking up the New York Stock Exchange in the process.
 Previously he worked in private banking for Merrill Lynch, before it was acquired by Bank of America Corp.
 acquired Israel Chemicals Ltd’s aluminum, paper and water products business for 250 million euros ($317 million) to complement its growth strategy.
 “We’ve got a strong, stable base in the business we acquired in Northern Rock” That business’s established systems and staff give Virgin an advantage over the smaller banks, she said.
 Standard General, a New York-based hedge fund, led a group of lenders that acquired the asset-backed revolving credit line from General Electric Co’s lending arm and agreed to loosen its borrowing terms, Fort Worth, Texas-based RadioShack said today in a statement.
 independent power producer acquired three solar power supply companies.
 It incorporates Wild Flavors, some existing ADM operations including edible beans and soluble fiber, and Specialty Commodities, a Fargo, North Dakota-based maker of nut, fruit and lentil products that’s being acquired in a $170 million deal announced Oct.
 Valeant has acquired $44 billion worth of companies since the beginning of last year and uses its low tax rates to improve profit.
 “It is time to allow GFI shareholders to choose for themselves” Hostile takeovers -- deals opposed by the management of the company being acquired -- are unusual in the financial-services industry, where revenue is often dependent on star traders or salesmen, Alexander said.
 The payment was for bonus and wages owed to Leung for his work at DTZ Holdings Plc, which UGL acquired, Leung’s office said in a statement last week.
 The artwork he’s now selling includes 23-carat gold figures and a linoleum cut titled “Grand Tete de Femme,” the first of many Picassos acquired by the former litigator.
 Nest Labs, a digital-thermostat company that Google acquired earlier this year, said in a blog post today that it’s buying Boulder, Colorado-based Revolv.
 By comparison, Facebook paid $55 per user when it acquired the company.
 Chatting App Facebook already had a product for chatting, Messenger, when it acquired WhatsApp.
 He also said there are a number of ways for T-Mobile to be a growing, profitable company without being acquired.
 “There’s no evidence that account information -- things like accounts numbers, passwords, log-in IDs -- were accessed, viewed or acquired,” Wexler said.
 Vodafone Deal Verizon acquired Vodafone Group Plc’s 45 percent stake in the mobile-phone unit on Feb.
 Sales Potential Roche acquired Brisbane, California-based InterMune forthis year $83 billion, based on the market potential for thelung therapy, known as Esbriet.
 In January, 2013 Sherborne acquired a stake in 3i Group Plc, Britain’s biggest publicly traded private-equity firm.
 because the online-streaming service will probably be acquired.
 The former Japanese tobacco monopoly has acquired overseas brands as it sought to offset a shrinking population and declining number of smokers at home.
 In 2005, Symantec acquired data-storage maker Veritas Software Corp.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, the reinsurer that counts Sanford “Sandy” Weill as non-executive chairman, acquired two units from Prem Watsa’s Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd.
 Hamilton acquired Valiant Insurance and Valiant Specialty Insurance, the Bermuda-based company said today in a statement that didn’t disclose terms.
 Fairfax acquired Valiant Insurance as part of its 2011 purchase of First Mercury Financial Corp.
 Stoeckle joined from Invesco Ltd, the Atlanta-based money manager that acquired WL Ross in 2006.
 First Solar, a panel maker, will buy back a minority stake in the project, which it acquired last year from a group including a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 While it placed ninth in the publication’s rankings,Southeast Asia’s largest lender is expected to climb as itcombines assets from Societe Generale’s Asian private-bankingunit, which it acquired this year, according to Private BankerThe Singaporean company had S$88 billion ($69 billion) of highnet-worth assets under management, it said on Oct.
 Trading houses which once leased or borrowed assets have instead acquired assets such as storage operators to secure long-term supply contract and market share.
 acquired Firebase Inc, a provider of software tools that let engineers store and synchronize data across mobile applications and websites.
 From 1997 to 2006, Dave & Buster’s operated as a public company until it was acquired by Wellspring Capital Management LLC and HBK Main Street Investors LP.
 The maker of $1,995 Lust peep-toe sandals, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 GVT, Vivendi SA’s local broadband provider, is being acquired by Telefonica SA, which owns the Vivo brand in Brazil.
 said it had approached the company and acquired a 10 percent stake.
 The miner had previously considered spinning off the Niobec mine or finding a partner to expand the project, which it acquired in 2006 when it bought Cambior Inc.
 Carlyle acquired Axalta in February 2013 for $49 billion from DuPont, which decided to exit the business as part of a shift to other industries such as food and biofuels.
 In June, Trian, the activist investment firm founded by Nelson Peltz, said it acquired a 25 percent stake in BNY Mellon and was seeking talks with management.
 independent power producer acquired three solar power supply companies.
 Narain met Berg almost a decade ago after Mitch Gray, one of Berg LLC’s investors, approached him to consult on a skin care line they planned to build around Sea and Ski, a suntan lotion popular in the 1970s they’d acquired.
 The firm acquired a stake in NGP Energy Capital Management LLC, a North America-focused investor in energy exploration and production, in 2012 and the following year started the international team by hiring Marcel van Poecke and five other energy executives to focus on Europe, Africa, Latin America and Asia.
 Kyprolis, acquired in last year’s purchase of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc, has been approved for multiple myeloma and is in clinical trials that may expand its label to earlier-stage patients.
 In its overseas push, ICBC this year acquired a Turkish lender, won approvals for a branch in London and yuan clearing operations in Luxembourg and Cambodia, and obtained a banking license in Myanmar.
 Many retirees “have a lot of money tied up in their house but don’t necessarily have much cash to live on,” said Loewensohn of Alceon, which has acquired about 5,000 sites in New South Wales and Queensland states over the past two years, and is buying about one a month.
 Competing Bids Family Dollar agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree Inc.
 Last year the company acquired the Al Muhaidibs’ remaining 186 percent of the merged grocery business, as well as their 10 percent stake in an edible oil joint venture, in exchange for Savola stock valued at 133 billion riyals.
 “The flip side is that the biggest advantage that Infosys has is our educational infrastructure, our training” Still, some skills will need to be acquired, he said.
 Nexen exited Norway before it was acquired.
 “You can’t rule out other oligarchs who acquired assets being asked to ‘compensate’ the country for its losses,” Yevgeny Minchenko, head of the Moscow-based International Institute for Political Expertise, said by phone.
 Evtushenkov’s AFK Sistema acquired the oil producer after that sale from 2005 to 2009.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc, creator of the world’s most-used Internet search engine, has led all other applicants in the number of fast-track patents it has acquired, the Washington Post reported.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 The company acquired seven companies at the time to help the initiative.
 While most Berkshire units retained their names after being acquired, some have taken on the parent company’s brand.
 The company, which has operations in the Americas, Russia and West Africa, acquired the project when it agreed to buy Aurelian Resources Inc.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- AMC Networks Inc, the cable-TV home of “The Walking Dead,” acquired a 499 percent stake in BBC America for $200 million, forming an alliance that will bolster both networks in negotiations with pay-TV carriers.
 White Mountains acquired 63 percent of Tranzact, which operates DirectHealthcom, the online insurance comparison site that struck a deal this month to help Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 His Hanover, New Hampshire-based company took control of Answer Financial in 2008, the year in which he acquired a 42 percent stake of the debt and equity in the online insurance marketplace for $30 million, helping it recover from bankruptcy.
 Cyient, which has reported a slowdown in sales growth for two straight years, has acquired 11 companies since 1997, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 As part of a push to boost its cloud-computing business, the company said it acquired Maginatics Inc, whose file system helps locate information stored in the cloud, and Spanning Cloud Apps Inc.
 That agreement, reached in December 2013, was intended toresolve mortgage-servicing issues with homeowners at Atlanta-based Ocwen and companies it acquired over the years.
 Jacob Asset Management, Eagle Global Advisors LLC and other shareholders have endorsed efforts by Starboard, which last month said it acquired a significant stake in Yahoo.
 TUI is selling its remaining stake in container-shipping giant Hapag-Lloyd AG, acquired in 1997, and shareholders vote today on whether to recombine the company with Crawley, England-based TUI Travel Plc, the division formed in a unit’s 2007 merger with a UK.
 It acquired FinBank in 2011, one of eight lenders rescued by the Central Bank of Nigeria during a debt crisis in 2009.
 Icahn said in a statement that he acquired the Tropicana when it was in bankruptcy and at the verge of closing and has since invested $80 million in it and created 250 jobs.
 New Deals Last year, China acquired 125 percent of Russia’s OAO Uralkali, the biggest producer of potash, and China National Petroleum Corp.
 The payment was for bonus and wages owed to Leung for his work at DTZ Holdings Plc, which UGL had acquired, Leung’s office said in a statement.
 In 1994, two years after its opening, Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal acquired a 10 percent stake in a refinancing.
 Acre acquired security systems-maker Vanderbilt from Ingersoll-Rand Plc in 2012.
 The Cleveland-based company acquired Bloom Lake when it bought Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 Although each piece will still have its trouble spots and challenges -- Enterprise, for instance, will inherit the legally-embattled Autonomy and the ailing services unit acquired from Electronic Data Systems Corp.
 Typically, a business that undergoes a tax-free spinoff can’t be acquired for up to two years after the separation from the parent company because of rules imposed by the US.
 In 2011, it acquired Vertica, which also helps customers analyze large volumes of data.
 In the services unit, largely acquired from Electronic Data Systems Corp, revenue has also declined for the past two years.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- Aqua America Inc, the second-largest publicly traded water company in the US, has acquired the family-owned utility Texas H2O to expand in the state.
 SABMiller has acquired almost 50 companies in the last decade, including Foster’s Group Ltd.
 Diekmann told analysts earlier this week that Allianz remains committed to Pimco, acquired in 2000.
 Diekmann has led Allianz since 2003, as the insurer posted its first annual loss since World War II on equity writedowns and mounting bad loans at Dresdner Bank, the Frankfurt-based lender acquired in 2001.
 purchased a retirement-plans operation, while AIG acquired Hartford’s Woodbury Financial Services broker-dealer network.
 Thaler’s JAT Capital Management LP first acquired MSG’s stock in 2012 -- when it fetched between $30 and $45 -- betting the Dolan family would eventually sell the sports teams after profiting from the rising prices of sports broadcasts.
 Roche acquired the drug with the $83 billion purchase of InterMune Inc.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Sibanye Gold Ltd, South Africa’s biggest gold producer by volume, said third-quarter bullion output rose 12 percent after it acquired the Cooke operations from Gold One International Ltd.
 The company acquired the Cooke operations earlier this year to boost production in areas near its existing assets.
 “There were a fair amount of moving pieces” KeyCorp acquired Pacific Crest Securities LLC last month to gain a foothold in technology investment banking.
 Lion Capital LLP, which acquired Bumble Bee from Centre Partners Management LLC in 2010 for $980 million, is seeking more than $15 billion for the business, said the people, who asked not to be named because discussions are private.
 Peanut Butter Last year, Hormel stepped outside its traditional meat business when it acquired Skippy peanut butter from Unilever NV for $700 million.
 Chief Executive Officer Jan Koum, whose mobile-messaging company was acquired by Facebook Inc.
 Cisco Systems Inc, meanwhile, acquired private-cloud operator Metacloud in late September.
 The timing of regulatory approval is key for merger arbitrage traders, who seek to profit from the difference between the stock price of a target company when a deal is first announced and the price at which it will be acquired.
 Russian businessmen including Boris Berezovsky and Roman Abramovich are turning to British courts to fight legal battles over state assets they acquired at bargain prices after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
 Brookfield this year acquired a team of hotel industry experts who can assist in Revel’s turnaround.
 The complex included more than 30 buildings and about 425,000 square meters (46 million square feet) of land when HIH and RFR acquired it in 2010, according to a statement on the website of Siemens, Europe’s largest engineering company.
 “is committed to the continuous strengthening of protections for foreign workers, including migrant domestic workers, as a national priority” Heroin Trade Over the years, Dubai has acquired a reputation for money laundering that it’s struggled to shake.
 Musk was the largest shareholder and CEO of PayPal for a time until EBay acquired it for $15 billion in 2002.
 biotech company Genzyme Corp, which Sanofi acquired for $201 billion in 2011, so far his biggest achievement.
 He said Andreessen had made investments in and advised direct competitors of EBay, and had conflicts of interest related to videoconferencing service Skype, which EBay acquired in 2005 and then sold to an investment group in 2009.
 Glaxo acquired the Ebola vaccine under development last year as part of its $324 million purchase of Okairos.
 The company also acquired LiveRail Inc, which will help it serve video ad across the Web.
 Revenue at the ailing Nokia handset business, which Microsoft acquired earlier this year, also topped projections, while sales of Azure cloud software and Web-based versions of Office programs more than doubled.
 Blackstone, the private-equity firm run bybillionaire Stephen Schwarzman, acquired Irving, Texas-basedsubprime lender Exeter Finance Corp.
 The Botox maker claimed Ackman illegally acquired shares based on inside knowledge of the takeover plan.
 From 1997 to 2006, Dave & Buster’s operated as a public company until it was acquired by Wellspring Capital Management LLC and HBK Main Street Investors LP.
 Last year, it acquired full control of music rights company BMG from KKR & Co.
 The fund acquired 40 percent of Southern Star in 2010, and acquired the rest of the company in 2012, according to company statements.
 Energy Slumps Empire, which acquired the Canadian operations of Safeway Inc.
 14 that Cliffs was in talks with steelmakers about selling a stake in its Bloom Lake iron-ore mine in Canada, which it acquired in the Consolidated Thompson deal.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 Khodorkovsky was in jail for fraud and tax evasion at the time and Yukos was suing the Russian government in various jurisdictions for confiscating its assets, most of which Rosneft acquired at forced auctions.
 Akimov did this by giving Novatek loans to buy assets from Gazprombank that the lender had acquired from businesses tied to former Gazprom managers.
 Finma has imposed 16 working bans against people in the financial industry in Switzerland since it acquired that power in 2009, the regulator said.
 into two separate companies, a second team represented CareFusion Corp, a provider of infusion pumps and drug dispensing systems, which is being acquired by Becton, Dickinson & Co.
 SABMiller has acquired almost 50 companies in the last decade, including Australia’s Foster’s Group Ltd.
 In 2005, Symantec acquired data-storage maker Veritas Software Corp.
 Kyprolis, acquired in last year’s purchase of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc, has been approved for multiple myeloma and is in clinical trials that may expand its label to earlier-stage patients.
 AOL, which acquired CrunchBase owner TechCrunch in 2010, could remain a partial shareholder in the database company, Armstrong said today at a TechCrunch conference in London, according to the technology website.
 to find buyers for the 45 percent stake which it acquired for $115 billion in 2010, the people said, asking not to be identified discussing private information.
 Choo, which was acquired by private-equity investors three times before being bought by JAB for more than 500 million pounds in 2011, sells women’s and men’s shoes, handbags and accessories in more than 100 stores worldwide.
 While output from its mines in South Africa and Colombia is set to fall this year, production in Australia is estimated to rise 16 percent this year to 94 million tons at operations acquired from Xstrata.
 and left after it was acquired by Cytec Industries Inc.
 Outside of Silicon Valley, Google’s major real estatepurchases include New York’s 111 Eighth Ave, a formerindustrial warehouse that takes up an entire block in theChelsea neighborhood, which it acquired for $18 billion in2010.
 Trian, the activist investment firm co-founded by Nelson Peltz, said in June it acquired a stake in the bank and was seeking talks with management.
 Trian, founded in 2005 by Peltz, Peter May and Ed Garden, in June said it acquired a 25 percent stake in BNY Mellon.
 That indicates the banks have lost a combined 8 million euros on their stake acquired at a value equivalent to 5 euros a share after the stock was consolidated.
 The firm co-founded by Fink in 1988 acquired Barclays Global Investors in December 2009 to expand into passive investments such as exchange-traded funds.
 Auxilium instead agreed to be acquired by Endo International Plc, which is run from the US.
 acquired Oculus VR Inc.
 The SEC acquired its surveillance system, Midas, from the Red Bank, New Jersey-based firm.
 The $17 billion hedge fund and private-equity firm run by Anilesh Ahuja, 45, the former head of residential mortgage-backed securities at Deutsche Bank AG, acquired a majority stake in Residential Capital Management, the company said today.
 Kullman has already announced measures to improve shareholder value after Peltz’s Trian Fund Management LP first acquired a stake in DuPont last year.
 He also bought Marvel, which delivered blockbusters like “The Avengers,” and acquired Lucasfilm, which will release a new “Star Wars” film next year.
 has held Tesco shares since March 2006, when it acquired a stake for $3287 million.
 That compares with an 83 percent share in the fourth quarter of 2012 when it acquired Alpha, IIROC’s data show.
 In 2007, it acquired ConcoPhillips’ fuel stations and Jiffy convenience stores in the country for $281 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 It currently has a 30 percent stake at hosiery maker Penti Corap Sanayi & Ticaret AS, which it acquired in 2012, and a 48 percent stake of education group Bahcesehir Kolejleri, which it bought in 2011.
 Blackstone, the private-equity firm run by billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, acquired Irving, Texas-based subprime lender Exeter in 2011, the same year that Perella Weinberg partnered with CarFinance.
 Almost a year ago Elliott acquired a 10 percent stake in Riverbed and pushed the company to review its business, saying it was “significantly undervalued” It made an unsolicited bid in January and raised the offer the following month.
 Principal acquired AFP Cuprum SA in 2013 for about $15 billion.
 3 report, “setting up for possible disappointment” DoubleLine Inflows The three longest-serving managers on the MetWest fund all worked at Pimco in the 1990s before joining MetWest, which was acquired by Los Angeles-based TCW Group Inc.
 9, 2011: Hewlett-Packard unveils the TouchPad tablet computer, which runs the WebOS software it acquired in its purchase of Palm Inc.
 acquired it from Viacom Corp.
 Kinder, a former top executive of the now-defunct Enron Corp, acquired some of his pipelines from the Houston-based company after leaving in 1996.
 Frieda Purchase PanAust bought its 80 percent share of Frieda River in August from Glencore Plc, which had acquired the deposit through its 2013 purchase of Xstrata Ltd.
 Bertelsmann bought a 25 percent holding four years later, and acquired a controlling stake in 1973.
 Standard General, a New York-based hedge fund, led a group of lenders that acquired the asset-backed revolving credit line from General Electric Co’s lending arm and agreed to loosen its borrowing terms, Fort Worth, Texas-based RadioShack said yesterday in a statement.
 Carlyle in 2012 acquired a stake in NGP Energy Capital Management LLC, a North America-focused investor in energy exploration and production, and the following year started an international energy team led by Marcel van Poecke, the founder of Swiss oil refiner Petroplus Holdings AG.
 Microsoft Corp’s mobile-phone business acquired from Nokia Oyj is expanding its production in Vietnam, and LG Electronics Inc.
 Kullman has announced measures to boost shareholder value since Trian acquired a stake in DuPont last year.
 Aabar acquired a 499 percent stake in Italy’s largest lender in 2010, rising to 65 percent after a 2012 rights issue.
 “We’re deeply committed to Ireland and will work to implement these changes as they become law” Forest Laboratories Forest Laboratories Inc, acquired by Actavis Plc earlier this year, has used a “Double Irish” for several years, sheltering from tax the profits generated by its antidepressant Lexapro, according to company filings.
 Our base case is that both pass the stress tests without the need for additional capital” 2011 Bailout The Irish government acquired its holding in Permanent TSB after a 4 billion-euro ($51 billion) bailout in 2011 and plans to return the bank to private ownership.
 Stone Point acquired APCO from Ford Motor Co.
 “If you look at HP, going down the split, H3C in China is probably too much to manage at the moment” Hewlett-Packard acquired H3C in 2010 as part of a deal to buy networking company 3Com Corp.
 Carlyle acquired 55 percent of the credit firm at the end of 2010.
 Ergen acquired the spectrum for $3 billion in 2012 through his acquisitions of TerreStar Network Inc.
 Reebok has weighed on Adidas since being acquired by the Herzogenaurach, Germany-based company for $38 billion in 2006.
 Pease, who joined Henderson after it acquired New Star Asset Management Ltd.
 “People have built assets around those great pieces of property” Live-Event Venues Azoff also advises MSG on managing live-event venues, including the Forum, which MSG acquired last year.
 These include goodwill, an intangible asset that arises when a company is acquired for a price above book value, as well as defined benefit pension fund assets and some kinds of deferred tax assets.
 Then, Hillshire, the sausage business, was acquired this year by Tyson Foods Inc, while DE Master Blenders was taken private and is now consolidating the coffee industry.
 Not only do spinoffs take time, the company also can’t be acquired for up to two years following the separation without triggering tax implications because of rules imposed by the US.
 ‘‘However, it seems to be surprisingly common for spun-off businesses to be acquired not very long after they have achieved independence,” he said.
 The refineries, often acquired for almost no fee, will increase output quickly when margins from fuel sales surge and keep run rates down at other times, Antoine Halff, the head of the IEA’s oil industry and markets division, said at a conference in Singapore today.
 Ozon, an online retailer part-owned by Russian billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov, acquired an undisclosed stake in the country’s largest online-books store Litres in May.
 Hero acquired the business secrets “through culpable conduct during the negotiations,” according to the newspaper.
 Subscribers revolted and the shares continued to drop until billionaire Carl Icahn acquired a stake and customer growth picked up.
 “We’ve got the positive option upside, but in a downside scenario we’re limiting our risk” The company acquired Bloom Lake as part of its purchase of Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines Ltd.
 outlets including Chef & Brewer and Flaming Grill, is on the verge of being acquired by competitor Greene King Plc after saying it’s willing to recommend a sweetened 723 million-pound ($12 billion) bid.
 Revenue at the ailing Nokia handset business, which Microsoft acquired earlier this year, also topped projections, while sales of Azure cloud software and Web-based versions of Office programs more than doubled.
 in 2012, and it acquired Long Island’s Smithtown Bancorp Inc.
 “Cyfrowy is currently in a very crucial moment, in the process of integrating with recently acquired Polkomtel and transforming its business model into as we call it modern telecom” Cyfrowy’s Polkomtel had a 277 percent of share in the telecommunications services market in Poland in June, outrun only by Orange SA’s domestic unit, according to the company’s presentation on its website.
 The deal adds to its holdings of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas and three other resorts, including the Atlantis Paradise Island in the Bahamas, which the Bermuda-based company acquired in 2011.
 Since the spinoff, Brookfield Property has expanded in rental housing and acquired Thayer Lodging Group, US.
 He also bought Marvel, which delivered a string of blockbusters from “The Avengers” to “Guardians of the Galaxy” Iger acquired Lucasfilm, which will release a new “Star Wars” film next year.
 Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, which is being acquired by Sun, surged the most in six months after its quarterly profit exceeded analyst estimates.
 Rio in July sold Mozambique coal assets for $50 million, after writing down the mines acquired in a A$39 billion ($34 billion) deal in 2011.
 Allergan alleges that Pershing Square, starting in February, acquired $32 billion of its shares because it was informed Valeant would make a bid.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Glenview Capital Management LLC, the $98 billion hedge-fund firm run by Larry Robbins, acquired a stake in Actavis Plc, according to a person familiar with the matter, betting on a merger with other large pharmaceutical companies such as Allergan Inc.
 Competing Bids Family Dollar agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree Inc.
 Migros, which was acquired by a BC Partners-led group for $33 billion in 2008, has 1,129 stores in Turkey, Kazakhstan and Macedonia, and is targeting more than 8 billion liras of sales this year, according to a company statement last week.
 Germany’s Q-Cells SE was acquired by South Korea’s Hanwha Group in 2012.
 The New York-based firm acquired its stake after a tumultuous 2012 and 2013 for Cliffs, during which the iron-ore producer idled mines, cut its dividend and saw Joseph Carrabba retire as CEO after seven years.
 Vessels owned by Carnival and Regent Seven Seas, which has agreed to be acquired by Norwegian, canceled stops and changed itineraries to avoid the area.
 Sales Event While revenue surged, profitability was hurt by the costs to integrate newly acquired businesses, investments in mobile systems and marketing.
 unit a “scarce asset,” comparing it to its investment in Beam Inc, which was acquired in May by Suntory Holdings Ltd.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP acquired an 85 percent activist stake in animal drug maker Zoetis Inc, sending its shares to a record high yesterday.
 Allergan is now in talks to be acquired by Actavis Plc for at least $60 billion and could reach a deal in as little as two weeks, people with knowledge of the matter said today.
 Schorsch owns a significant interest), and not with the breach of any representation or warranty made by ARCP in the purchase agreement concerning the acquired companies,” American Realty said in its complaint.
 “This level of growth requires significant investment in the business” Vivint Inc, a home security provider that formed the solar unit, was acquired by Blackstone Group in 2012 for about $2 billion.
 Staff at Independent Newspapers, which owns 18 titles, have complained of management interference in the editorial process since the company was acquired last year by a group led by Sekunjalo Investments Ltd.
 The studio acquired the rights after Jobs’ death in 2011.
 The jeweler plans to open five stores of the newly acquired Hearts on Fire diamond brand in the Asian nation by March and expand to more than 300 stores in Greater China by fiscal 2019.
 “Although there is something inherently appealing aboutpreventing someone who may have violated the securities lawsfrom using their allegedly wrongfully-acquired shares to carryout their ultimate plan, and such an injunction is undoubtedlywithin the courts’ broad equitable powers, the court does notbelieve such an injunction is appropriate at this time and inthis case,” Carter wrote in the 30-page document.
 The Calgary-based operator of farm and construction-equipment dealerships acquired a group of Ontario truck dealers in August, allowing them to tap into the pick-up in manufacturing and lower gasoline prices.
 Covidien Plc, which is being acquired by Medtronic, climbed 37 percent.
 All three firms were acquired by larger rivals.
 Shanghai International Port acquired Shanghai East Asia Football Club last month and renamed it Shanghai SIPG.
 Last fiscal year, GIC acquired Blackstone’s 50 percent stake in London’s Broadgate office complex for more than $27 billion and teamed with New York-based developer Related Cos.
 surged 99 percent after the third-biggest oilfield services provider agreed to be acquired by No.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Mailru Group Ltd, Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov’s Internet company, acquired maps and navigation service MapsMe to accelerate its international expansion.
 mortgage bonds it acquired in 2009 as part of ING’s rescue, resulting in a profit for Dutch taxpayers of 14 billion euros.
 Berkshire, based in Omaha, Nebraska, acquired BNSF in 2010.
 It also deals a blow to the mobile phone-maker, acquired by China’s Lenovo Group Ltd.
 Kotick, along with Activision Chairman Brian Kelly and other board members, resolved shareholder lawsuits accusing the two executives of unfairly reaping a windfall by leading a group that acquired $234 billion of Vivendi’s Activision shares as part of the $82 billion deal, according to a filing in a Delaware court.
 An investment group that acquired Pabst Brewing Co.
 The magazine said she swapped her equity in Modelo for cash in June 2013, when Anheuser-Busch InBev NV acquired Grupo Modelo.
 in 2010 and acquired by Li’s Pacific Century Group.
 Diageo acquired the distillery in June 2005 for about $365 million.
 The execution “has been pretty straightforward” In October 2012, New York Life Insurance Co’s MainStay Investments acquired the Marketfield fund and renamed it.
 MetLife acquired a Chilean pension manager, AFP Provida SA, last year.
 Luis Tellez, the Bolsa’s chairman and chief executive officer, had argued that the new weighting formula would guarantee companies had enough shares to be acquired in the market.
 “The positive aspect is that growth in food is still above that of its industry peers” Woolworths acquired David Jones Ltd, Australia’s oldest department store, in August.
 Blackstone Group LP, the world’s largest private-equity company, acquired Irving, Texas-based Exeter Finance Corp.
 Diageo acquired the distillery in June 2005 for about $365 million.
 In the past two years, Swedbank’s Latvian unit acquired Allied Irish Bank’s mortgage portfolio, bought retail, corporate and leasing operations from Latvia’s Mortgage and Land Bank and purchased parts of Italy’s UniCredit SpA’s Latvian lending portfolio.
 We want Bordeaux to be affordable luxury” Lioaning Energy Investment, the Chinese state-owned energy group which acquired Clos des Quatre Vents and other Bordeaux vineyards this year, is taking a long view.
 The insurer acquired the 46 percent stake as part of a deal to sell its plane-lease unit, International Lease Finance Corp, to Schiphol, Netherlands-based AerCap.
 Nufcor Acquisition Goldman Sachs acquired uranium-trading company Nufcor International as part of a 2009 purchase of assets from Constellation Energy Group Inc.
 New York-based JPMorgan issued a “fact sheet” after the report was released saying it has divested or re-tolled 28 of the 31 power assets acquired from Bear Stearns and RBS Sempra.
 Beats, acquired by iPhone maker Apple earlier this year for $3 billion, is aiming to woo consumers by making its best-selling headsets easier to use and ending the hassle of unraveling wires.
 After agreeing to buy Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for 77 billion euros ($96 billion) last year, it acquired Grupo Corporativo Ono SA of Spain.
 IPO Plans The retailer was acquired by company founder Tom Singh, Permira and Apax Partners in 2004 for 669 million pounds.
 In January, Solar3D acquired Solar United Networks Inc, another California-based developer better known as SUNworks.
 Burger King Other Pillsbury brands acquired while Spoor was CEO included the restaurant chains Steak & Ale and Totino’s Pizza, as well as American Beauty Macaroni Co, Van de Kamp’s frozen seafood and the Bumble Bee tuna company.
 The firm’s Luxembourg unit said documents were “illegally acquired” “The concerned documents date back from a number of years -- 2002 to 2010 -- and are therefore not reflecting the current status of local and international taxation rules and practices,” PwC said in an e-mailed statement.
 acquired oil-well pumpmaker Lufkin Industries Inc.
 Paramount has acquired 28 properties with a value of about $115 billion since 1995.
 Last month, Google acquired Firebase Inc, a provider of software tools, to help build a better platform for developing mobile applications.
 Hancock in July purchased a 50 percent share in two cattle ranches in Western Australia’s West Kimberley, while Andrew Forrest, the billionaire founder of iron ore producer Fortescue Metals in May acquired Harvey Beef, Western Australia’s only licensed beef exporter to China.
 SacOil acquired the Lagia oil field on Egypt’s Sinai peninsula.
 12 that it acquired shares of Florham Park, New Jersey-based Zoetis to push for an increase in shareholder returns.
 maker of Jaffa Cakes, fetched more than 16 billion pounds ($26 billion) when it was acquired in 2006 by private-equity firms Blackstone Group LP and PAI Partners SAS.
 Mobile Devices While revenue surged, profitability was hurt by costs to integrate newly acquired businesses, investments in mobile systems and marketing.
 He was a key adviser to Belgian-Brazilian brewing company InBev when it acquired Anheuser-Busch in 2008 for $52 billion.
 Usmar’s experience at Xstrata, a large diversified mining company that was acquired last year by Glencore Plc, “may serve to underscore a view that Mr.
 The footage was acquired by hacking into Web cameras used by companies for security purposes and into baby monitors, according to the newspaper.
 “I think that if J&J had acquired Guidant at the price we offered, it would have been a substantial asset to J&J,” he said.
 Lenovo, the world’s largest PC maker, just acquired Google Inc’s Motorola Mobility phone unit.
 have also had talks to jointly own Awesomeness TV, the online video business the studio acquired last year, the people said.
 DreamWorks Animation, which has previously looked for a buyer, expanded its TV business and acquired Awesomeness TV, an online video network, while forming a partnership in China that includes live entertainment.
 There are “huge growth opportunities” in the US, where Siemens acquired smart metering company eMeter Corp.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Triton Advisers Ltd, which acquired the Compo fertilizer brand from K+S AG in 2011, is preparing to sell the business in two separate parts, four people with knowledge of the situation said.
 He integrated Celltech Group Ltd, bringing the Cimzia rheumatoid arthritis treatment to UCB, and in 2006 acquired German drugmaker Schwarz Pharma to add neurological treatments and Kremers.
 Blackstone acquired the skyscraper in its $39 billion takeover of Sam Zell’s Equity Office Properties Trust in 2007.
 The coal company was acquired by Alpha Natural Resources Inc.
 acquired the rights to create a film based on the Walter Isaacson biography “Steve Jobs,” after the Apple Inc.
 Alex, which was acquired by Propel Equity Partners in 2013, didn’t respond immediately to an e-mailed request for comment on the suit.
 “But we take it for the long term” He declined to comment on reports that a Hong Kong-based private-equity investor made a $22 billion offer for Reebok, the American sneaker maker Adidas acquired in 2006.
 The Dublin-based company acquired the A380 after it was handed over to Emirates yesterday and will lease it back to the Gulf carrier for 12 years.
 Amedeo acquired its second A380 ahead of the slated delivery from 2016 of 20 aircraft that it’s buying outright but has yet to place with an operator.
 The A380 is the best solution on “routes where extra frequencies do not offer more connectivity and where there are peak time departures,” Lapidus said in an interview from Hong Kong, adding that “these trends will only manifest themselves more clearly and definitively in the future” Some 20 percent of the undisclosed purchase price of the plane acquired from Emirates was paid in the form of equity capital from Amedeo and New York-based Pine Brook.
 AMC recently acquired a 499 percent stake in BBC America to bolster its arsenal for such talks.
 acquired 520,750 shares, worth $463 million.
 As well as the intended capacity cuts, the smaller gas turbines acquired in the Rolls-Royce and Dresser-Rand deals should reduce Siemens’s dependence on the large turbines which will bear the brunt of the cost pressure, she said.
 The business being acquired owns and operates more than 200 properties with more than 10,000 residential units, mainly in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Fukuoka, Blackstone said in a statement yesterday.
 “I wouldn’t be surprised that if the right opportunity came along, we’d be involved” The priority for now is to improve the reliability of fertilizer plants in France acquired from Total SA in 2013.
 The Kapela Black Economic Empowerment consortium acquired a 20 percent stake plus one share and the BPSA education foundation gained a 5 percent holding, BP Southern Africa said in an e-mailed statement.
 He’s also added systems to host IBM’s Watson data-crunching technology, and SoftLayer has doubled its workforce to about 1,400 since being acquired.
 “We believe this business has been acquired at an attractive, value-creating price for Cott shareholders,” Fowden added.
 The Internet search provider has acquired several companies in a robotics effort that was led by Android co-founder Andy Rubin.
 Crosby acquired 10,000 shares of the Buffalo, New York-based firm for $776 each and Chief Financial Officer Gregory Norwood bought an equal number for $760 apiece, according to regulatory filings yesterday.
 Executive Vice President Joe Saffire acquired 10,000 shares and board member Carlton Highsmith bought 15,000 shares, filings show.
 Vista acquired Intuit Inc’s real-estate software business in 2010 and renamed it MRI Software LLC.
 Macquarie has acquired assets from EON before.
 WhatsApp, which was acquired by Facebook for $22 billion this year, is working with startup Open Whisper Systems to enact the change, the companies said yesterday.
 No Compromise WhatsApp has said that after being acquired by Facebook, its opinion on the importance of its users’ data privacy wouldn’t be compromised.
 have acquired smaller startups to increase their appeal to business users as Google Inc, Apple Inc.
 That’s not what we do really well” BRAUN -- P&G acquired the maker of electric shavers, trimmers and toothbrushes as part of its $57 billion purchase of the Gillette Co.
 The SEC’s market surveillance program, Midas, is based on technology acquired from Tradeworx.
 corn and soybean crop” Smithfield was acquired last year by Hong Kong-based WH Group for about $47 billion.
 Schapiro will oversee the power fund as well as the Highstar Capital LP team, which Oaktree acquired in August.
 He’s a former president and CEO of Viterra Inc, a Regina, Canada-based grain-handling company that was acquired by Glencore Plc in 2012.
 Merck, based in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey, acquired MK-3682 with its $385 billion purchase of Idenix Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Red Lobster Seafood Co, which was acquired by Golden Gate Capital Corp.
 TGI Fridays, which was acquired this year by Sentinel Capital Partners and TriArtisan Capital Partners, left Brazil four years ago because of “some financial concerns related to our franchise partner,” Jean Baudrand, vice president for business development international, said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 Tobacco Merger He was a key adviser to Belgian-Brazilian brewing company InBev when it acquired Anheuser-Busch in 2008 for $52 billion to form Anheuser-Busch InBev NV.
 Unicom acquired China Netcom Group Corp.
 Maker Studios, the online video company Disney acquired in May, announced a video hub for its contributors.
 Mill Creek Entertainment acquired the DVD rights to “The Cosby Show” last year and re-released seasons one through four.
 Providing a better view of the diamond unit, acquired from the billionaire Oppenheimer family in 2012, may help convince investors that buying Anglo shares is the best way to gain exposure to a commodity that’s gained about 75 percent in the past five years, outperforming any of the other major products the company mines.
 in September and Old Mutual Plc acquired lender Faulu Kenya Ltd.
 Loral and PSP acquired Telesat from Canadian telecommunications company BCE Inc, a deal announced in December 2006 valued at about $3 billion including debt.
 Massey was acquired by Alpha Natural Resources Inc.
 executive Peter Chernin, has acquired majority stakes in Crunchyroll Inc.
 Soon after she joined the firm, O’Connor was purchased by Swiss Bank Corp, which in turn was acquired by Zurich-based UBS AG.
 It’s triple the size of the nearby Metropolis mall, acquired last year by Morgan Stanley for $12 billion in Russia’s largest ever real estate deal.
 The latter was acquired by Vodafone Group Plc in 2012.
 Sprint, acquired in 2013 for $22 billion, is eliminating jobs and changing plans under new Chief Executive Officer Marcelo Claure to help compete with faster growing rivals.
 Pershing Square acquired its 97 percent Allergan stake after learning of Valeant’s intention to make a bid, and Allergan has accused Ackman of violating insider trading rules.
 Birla’s Hindalco Industries Ltd, India’s second-biggest maker of aluminum, in 2007 acquired Novelis at a cost six times its profit that year.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Starboard Value LP, the activist hedge fund run by Jeff Smith, acquired a new stake in AOL Inc.
 In 2012, Simon acquired an interest in European mall owner Klepierre.
 This year, Ardagh acquired Verallia’s North American operation for $17 billion from Saint-Gobain, which is withdrawing from packaging to focus on markets including construction materials and flat glass used in cars and building.
 SABMiller has acquired almost 50 companies in the last decade, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The jeweler plans to open five stores of the newly acquired Hearts on Fire diamond brand in the Asian nation by March and expand to more than 300 stores in Greater China by fiscal 2019.
 The microblogging service is using technology from CardSpring Inc, acquired four months ago, that enables linking the deals to credit cards so they can be used later.
 “Ultimately we think Twitter can be the platform that takes social relationships and turns them into transactional relationships” Twitter acquired CardSpring with the goal of getting this “offers” feature to users in time for Black Friday, the day after the US.
 acquired the Sofitel Wentworth for A$201 million.
 acquired the snack-cake business for about $410 million as Hostess was liquidated.
 Potential buyers of the snack-cakes brands include Mexico’s Grupo Bimbo SAB and Flowers Foods Inc, both of which acquired other parts of the Hostess business in 2013 and were interested in the snack-cakes as well, the people said.
 acquired messaging startup WhatsApp Inc.
 The bank acquired 20 percent of the 317-megawatt Sheringham Shoal wind farm, it said today.
 That changed in 2011, when the Maranello,Italy-based company was acquired by Fiat Chrysler AutomobilesNV.
 “We have astrategic list of business we’re interested in and sometime nextyear you’ll see us executing on that strategy” Canaccord Genuity acquired the private-wealth managementdivision of Eden Financial Ltd.
 The government has recovered C$38 billion from GM and C$17 billion from Chrysler, which was acquired by Fiat SpA in 2011.
 The opportunity for Canadian banks lies in offering ways for companies to save and invest the renminbi acquired, BMO’s Gavsie said.
 Petco was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners LP in 2006.
 “In such a case, there would be another investment, and an acquisition of Mead Johnson can’t be excluded, it’s the most obvious target” Danone acquired the medical-nutrition unit through the 123 billion-euro purchase of Dutch baby-food maker Royal Numico NV in 2007.
 unit a “scarce asset,” comparing it to its investment in Beam Inc, which was acquired in May by Suntory Holdings Ltd.
 The percentage of assets held in Treasuries and inflation-protected securities rose to 168 percent from 139 percent during the third quarter, in part because the fund acquired $37 billion of 30-year government bonds.
 and its partners acquired Samson in December 2011 for $72 billion, the most ever paid in a leveraged buyout of an energy producer, including $41 billion of equity.
 The jeweler plans to open five stores of the newly acquired Hearts on Fire diamond brand in the Asian nation by March and expand to more than 300 stores in Greater China by fiscal 2019.
 JBS acquired dairy company Vigor in 2009 as part of its buyout of Grupo Bertin SA.
 The Batista brothers are experts at introducing efficiencies at newly acquired slaughterhouses, which rely on manual labor, Vesta said.
 is hunting for acquisitions and is open to being acquired itself in 2015, fueled by a $500 million cash injection and an industry adjusting to a lower-price reality, according to the Canadian miner’s chief executive officer.
 It acquired a Bermuda address through a takeover in 1997, and later shifted its registration to Switzerland and then Ireland.
 Disney acquired Lucasfilm Ltd.
 Today’s charges relate to contracts with Lithuanian companies Vilmetrona UAB and AB Lietuvos Elektrine, a legacy energy company acquired by Lietuvos Energija AB in 2011, and a project Alstom was involved in at the Elektrenai Power Plant in Lithuania.
(Bloomberg) -- Amaya Inc, the Canadian gaming company that acquired PokerStars for $49 billion this year, tumbled 18 percent after saying it’s being investigated by Quebec’s securities regulator.
 She then worked at O’Connor Realty Advisers Inc, which managed funds that invested in properties on behalf of pension funds, was acquired by JP.
 unita “scarce asset,” comparing it to its investment in Beam Inc,which was acquired in May by Suntory Holdings Ltd.
 Oculus, which makes virtual-reality goggles, said in a blog post today that it has acquired startup Nimble VR, which specializes in machine learning and computer vision capabilities, as well as 13th Lab, which does 3-D technology.
 Permira’s gradual reduction of the majority stake it acquired in 2007 has crimped speculation that it would seek a buyer for the fashion house.
 acquired exclusive US.
 The insurer acquired Dexia SA’s asset manager this year after adding funds from firms such as Cornerstone Capital Management and Marketfield Asset Management.
 Janus Capital Group Inc, the fund manager that hired Bill Gross, acquired VelocityShares LLC this year.
 sold a metal-warehouse unit it acquired in 2010 to Reuben Brothers after the business attracted congressional scrutiny.
 He said Ace intends to retain a majority of employees from the acquired unit, without providing specifics.
 and Android smartphones with software made by Acompli Inc, a mobile-applications developer it acquired yesterday, a person familiar with the deal said.
 Khodorkovsky spent a decade in jail as the state dismantled Yukos and Sechin’s Rosneft acquired the bulk of its best assets.
 Charney and Ascent acquired their sites last year, for as much as 30 percent less than the land would cost today, by their estimates.
 The assets being acquired include plants in the central state of Madhya Pradesh with annual capacities of 31 million tons and 21 million tons and two power plants with a combined capacity of 180 megawatts.
(Bloomberg) -- DBRS Ltd, the world’s fourth-largest credit rating company, has agreed to be acquired by the Carlyle Group and Warburg Pincus for about $500 million, according to people familiar with the sale.
 Profitable investments included Forest Laboratories Inc, a prescription drug developer, and Furiex Pharmaceuticals Inc, a drug company acquired by Forest.
 The tiremaker’s participation helps offset concern about the future of Halla Climate, a maker of automotive air-control parts such as fans and radiators, after being acquired by an investment firm.
 After agreeing to buy Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for 77 billion euros ($96 billion) last year, it acquired Grupo Corporativo Ono SA of Spain.
 Before Aer Lingus, Mueller, who completed an advanced management program at Harvard Business School, was executive aviation director at TUI Travel Plc and chief financial officer of DHL Worldwide before it was acquired by Deutsche Post AG.
 Microsoft inherited the radio application, which offers a free streaming-music service on its Lumia phones, when it acquired Nokia Oyj’s handset division.
 Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has been trimming parts of the acquired Nokia businesses, including that company’s Android phone efforts, and has cut 12,500 jobs from the unit.
 Saab was previously owned by General Motors Co, which acquired full control in 2000, before selling it in 2010 to Dutch supercar maker Spyker NV, which failed to revive the brand.
 Sparx has acquired land in central Tokyo and plans to build a hospital there with a total investment of 2 billion yen, as part of its plan to prepare the REIT listing, Isayama said.
 Like Whitfield, Blackwood was one the top executives to join other companies after Imperial Chemical Industries was acquired by Akzo Nobel NV in 2008.
 XL in February 2014 acquired Global Ag Insurance Services LLC.
 Family Dollar investors are scheduled to vote on being acquired by Dollar Tree for $7450 a share on Dec.
 Before Aer Lingus, Mueller, who completed an advanced management program at Harvard Business School, was executive aviation director at TUI Travel Plc and chief financial officer of DHL Worldwide before it was acquired by Deutsche Post AG.
 Actavis acquired the experimental medicine when it purchased Forest Laboratories Inc.
 has acquired an undisclosed stake in Salix, though it’s unclear whether the activist investor would also push for a sale.
 30 was driven by a writedown of goodwill at Bache, which Jefferies acquired in 2011, and compared with profit of $1099 million a year earlier, the New York-based company said today in a statement.
 They include Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Merrill Lynch, which was later acquired by Bank of America.
(Bloomberg) -- JPMorgan Chase & Co’s asset-management unit acquired Aviva Plc’s real estate investment business in Australia, Japan and Singapore as it seeks to expand in the Asia Pacific area.
 The Family Dollar bidding war began in July, when the company agreed to be acquired by Chesapeake, Virginia-based Dollar Tree.
 Since Danone and PepsiCo acquired Russia’s largest dairy producers, raw milk purchases have fallen in several regions where the companies operate, the agency said.
 The Chicago-based real estate investment trust, which in June acquired Blackstone Group LP’s stake in the luxury Hotel del Coronado near San Diego, is seeking to buy additional resorts in areas such as California and southern Florida, he said.
 Hyatt, which added two resorts in Mexico in 2013, last month acquired its partners’ 92 percent interest in the 491-room Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort and Spa in near Austin, Texas, for about $143 million.
 Blackstone acquired the properties as part of its $32 billion takeover of Wyndham International Inc.
 The company, which acquired the former British Midland to gain slots, would need to broker a deal with 30 percent shareholder Ryanair Holdings Plc, whose takeover bids for its Irish rival have been blocked.
 Petco Animal Supplies Inc, a PetSmart competitor, was acquired by private-equity investors led by Leonard Green & Partners in 2006.
 Nor does it list when shares were acquired or when they were sold.
 Microsoft has said its new phone business, formerly the Nokia handset unit it acquired in April, may not break even until 2016.
 RPX Acquires Rock Star Patents Assets to License Defensively RPX Corp, the San Francisco-based defensive patent licensing entity, said it acquired a portfolio of 4,000 patent assets from Rockstar Consortium LLC, a group of companies set up to buy intellectual property from defunct Canadian phonemaker Nortel Networks Corp.
 The assets were part of a group of more than 6,000 patents Plano, Texas-based Rockstar acquired from Nortel in 2011.
 Glencore is also studying the sale of three nickel assets including the Cosmos nickel operation in Australia, which was acquired in 2007 for A$31 billion ($26 billion), it said today.
 The Family Dollar bidding war began in July, when the company agreed to be acquired by Dollar Tree.
 Since that time, we are on a tear in expanding the diversification tremendously” In 2012, the firm acquired Prisma Capital Partners, which allocates client money to hedge funds.
 Kering owns about 86 percent of Puma, having acquired control of the sporting-goods maker in 2007.
 12 it acquired shares in the company and planned to press for a rise in shareholder returns, increasing pressure on Zoetis for a sale or restructuring.
 While the company has sold, traded and acquired new assets in an effort to lower production costs, it’s still wrestling with the impact of oil’s drop, Jeansonne said.
 Difference Capital is cutting portfolio laggards, has shaken up management, is considering changes to its corporate structure, and plans for eight of its investments to enter the public markets or be acquired starting next year.
 Edward Glazer, co-chairman of the National Football League’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers, acquired 35 million shares in United through a Nevada-based trust in August 2013, according to a previous filing.
 Formation 8 also invested in big data startup RelateIQ, which Salesforcecom acquired in July for $390 million.
 Not one large tract of land has been acquired for development since the nation’s previous government passed an act in January 2014 that was supposed to make the process more transparent.
 “As long as they leave them alone and let them run themselves, like they’ve done with FedEx Ground, it should work out well” FedEx acquired the company now known as FedEx Ground in the late 1990s.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Hearst Corp, the media company with stakes in A&E and ESPN, acquired a 25 percent interest in DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc’s AwesomenessTV in a deal that values the online video network at $325 million.
 acquired Maker Studios for $500 million in May while Time Warner Inc’s Warner Bros.
 DreamWorks Animation, run by Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Katzenberg, acquired AwesomenessTV in 2013 for $33 million.
(Bloomberg) -- Riverbed Technology Inc, under pressure all year from activist investor Elliott Management Corp, agreed to be acquired for about $36 billion by private-equity firm Thoma Bravo and Canadian pension group Teachers’ Private Capital.
 Elliott, which acquired about 10 percent of Riverbed shares last year, has been in a tug of war with Chief Executive Officer Jerry Kennelly about selling his company.
 Sony acquired Crackle for $65 million in 2006, when it was known as Grouper.
 acquired Maker Studios for $500 million in May, while Vice Media Inc.
 GlobeRanger, which was acquired by Fujitsu Ltd.
 Oi acquired the Portuguese assets just a year ago in a merger with Portugal Telecom.
 Archibald Primrose, the 5th Earl of Rosebery and later prime minister of Great Britain, acquired the painting in 1878 and it had remained in the family collection until now, Sotheby’s said.
 The partners last week acquired a $175 million loan on the landmark office tower across the street from the Chrysler Building, according to Suzan Amato, head of managed accounts and joint ventures in global real estate at New York-based TIAA-CREF.
 A group led by Werner and Mark Karasick acquired its interest in the Socony-Mobil building from Hiro Real Estate Co.
 BTG will provide know-how acquired in Brazil to structure project financings for Colombian roads, ports and airports, according to Juan Manuel Velasco, the Sao Paulo-based bank’s chief operating officer for Colombia.
 Penney acquired 17 percent of Martha Stewart Living for $385 million as it tried to revive sales with new mini-stores dedicated to brands including Stewart’s.
 The lawsuit also alleges that Citigroup acquired two shopping centers in the UK.
 Benko, who acquired Karstadt in August for a single euro, plans to close six of its 83 stores next year.
 After agreeing to buy Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for 77 billion euros ($96 billion) last year, it acquired Grupo Corporativo Ono SA of Spain.
 after the latter’s founder said that the decision to sell was “wrong” Another option is to adjust the number of shares to be acquired and other terms, Sunac said in a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange today.
 Fastweb is one of the few sizable landline networks in Europe that may come up for sale, after Vodafone acquired Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG and Grupo Corporativo ONO SA in Spain in the past year.
 Beijing’s Tsinghua University plans to merge two recently-acquired semiconductor design firms while a government-owned company in Shanghai has announced two acquisitions so far this year.
 Blackstone acquired the Hilton chain for $26 billion in 2007 and took it public a year ago.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- Unilever, the world’s biggest maker of ice cream, acquired Talenti Gelato & Sorbetto to expand its frozen offerings and counter sluggish growth among its mainstream food brands.
 Oracle has introduced new software delivered over the Internet and acquired companies to win corporate customers, seeking to boost revenue after 13 straight quarters of sales growth of less than 5 percent.
 It said the North Dakota company’s mark is generic, that it hasn’t acquired distinctiveness, and that there is no likelihood of confusion between the two.
 in the past two years bought stakes in German cable operator Kabel Deutschland Holding AG, which is being acquired by Vodafone Group Plc, as well as Celesio AG, which was bought by McKesson Corp.
 A deal would fulfill the ambitions of billionaire investors Carl Icahn and Nelson Peltz, who had acquired major stakes in Family Dollar and pushed for a sale.
 “Those land sites that they acquired in colonial times have become their biggest assets today,” said Ng Cho-nam, a former member of the Antiquities Advisory Board, a government body advising on heritage issues in the city.
 Dresdner Kleinwort was acquired by Frankfurt-based Commerzbank AG in 2009.
 AOL acquired Huffington Post for $315 million and merged its content brands, including TechCrunch, Moviefone and Patch, under a new unit.
 28, Dotcom said his company will soon release a “fully encrypted and browser-based video call and chat service including high-speed file transfers” He finished his message saying “Bye bye Skype,” referring to the Skype video-chat system that was acquired by Microsoft Corp.
 Malo was discovered 11 years ago in an area 280 miles (450 kilometers) south of New Orleans by Unocal Corp, which Chevron acquired in 2005.
 Hanwha Group acquired Q Cells out of insolvency in August 2012.
 is divesting the last pieces of a media business it acquired eight years ago as the company focuses on sales of life insurance and retirement products.
 annuity seller this year, has been divesting pieces of the radio and television operation it acquired by buying rival Jefferson-Pilot Corp.
 and its investment bankers aren’t the subject of a probe by regulators into trading of Amaya Inc, the Canadian gaming company that acquired PokerStars for $49 billion this year, according to Chief Executive Officer Paul Reynolds.
 Huntsman in October acquired TiO2 assets from Rockwood Holdings Inc.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- First Wind Holdings Inc, the renewable-energy developer being acquired by SunEdison Inc, agreed to sell a majority stake in two wind farms to JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Wanda, which also runs department-stores, tourism businesses and chain of movie theaters in China, acquired AMC Entertainment in 2012 for $26 billion including debt to expand into the US.
 He had worked at a ski resort in California for 16 years before being let go when the company was acquired.
 Hanwha Merger Hanwha Solar Holdings Co, based in Seoul, today said it will merge its US-listed photovolaic maker Hanwha SolarOne Co, which has plants in China, with Thalheim, Germany-based Hanwha Q Cells, which it acquired in 2012 and has plants in Germany and Malaysia.
 Olayan Group acquired a majority stake in beverage maker Gulf Union Food Co.
 “The economics of an operation such as Lumwanacannot support a 20 percent gross royalty, particularly in thecurrent copper price environment” Barrick acquired Lumwana when it bought Equinox MineralsLtd.
 More Deals Singapore’s GIC acquired the Pacific Century Place Marunouchi building in October for $17 billion, and the following month New York-based Blackstone bought a residential portfolio for more than 190 billion yen from GE Japan Corp.
 for $35 billion in its latest deal to exit office holdings acquired seven years ago near the market’s peak.
 The Ferry Building was acquired in the Equity Office takeover, while 100 Montgomery was a later purchase.
 Oracle has introduced new software delivered over the Internet and acquired companies to win corporate customers, seeking to boost revenue after 13 straight quarters of sales growth of less than 5 percent.
 Barrick acquired Lumwana when it bought Equinox Minerals Ltd.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Voith GmbH, among the biggest family-owned businesses in Europe, acquired 25 percent of robotmaker Kuka AG to take advantage of the trend toward increased industrial automation.
 Migros, which was acquired by a BC Partners-led group for $33 billion in 2008, has more than 1,190 stores in Turkey and controls about 15 percent of the country’s organized food retail market, the statement said.
 The Family Dollar bidding war began in July, when the company agreed to be acquired by Chesapeake, Virginia-based Dollar Tree.
 Barclays acquired assets of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
 Music Mergers Sony/ATV was established in 1995 as a joint venture between Sony and Jackson, who had acquired ATV 10 years earlier.
 Since the rail contract was scrapped, the first lady and finance minister have said they acquired homes from companies belonging to the owner of a business in the group that originally won the award, spurring concerns over conflicts of interest, which the minister and a president’s spokesman have denied separately.
 Lion Capital acquired Bumble Bee, which was founded in 1899, from Centre Partners Management LLC in 2010 for $980 million.
 Housed in a warehouse-type building about the size of an airplane hangar, B&G has roughly doubled in size each of the last two years since being acquired in 2012 by private equity firm One Eighty Capital LLC.
 acquired Canadian startup PasswordBox Inc.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Zuercher Kantonalbank, Switzerland’s biggest state-owned lender, acquired the 82 percent of Swisscanto Holding AG it didn’t already own for 360 million francs ($373 million), the bank said.
 First Solar acquired an equity stake in the community solar developer Clean Energy Collective and will get two seats on its board, according to a statement today that didn’t say how large a stake it’s buying, or the price.
