 It was sold to New York-based AOL for $7 million in 2009.
 The shares, which were first sold to the public in April 2010, have dropped 39 percent since the drugmaker said on Nov.
 Nokia is currently seeking a new CEO after Stephen Elop stepped down following the September announcement that the handset unit is being sold to Microsoft Corp.
 The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey kept ownership of the complex until 2001, when it was sold to Larry Silverstein’s Silverstein Properties Inc, just two months before the twin towers were destroyed by terrorists.
 Rights in the trust can be sold to unidentified buyers at a price equal to the value of the principal invested, according to one investor who cited an offer presented by ICBC and asked to be identified only by his surname Chen.
 AB InBev, the world’s biggest beermaker, is buying back a business it sold to KKR in 2009 for $18 billion when it sought to cut debt following InBev NV’s $52 billion takeover of Anheuser-Busch Cos.
 PNC reached an $89 million settlement with Freddie Mac last month over mortgages sold to the government-backed firm in the years leading up to the credit crisis.
 This is destined to be resold to end users like factories.
 Monte Paschi said in December that the delay to the share sale would cost the bank 120 million euros in interest payments on the bonds it sold to the government in the bailout.
 “This case reminds people of Lehman minibonds because complicated credit-linked products were sold to individual investors via bank channels,” said Christine Kuo, senior credit officer at Moody’s in Hong Kong.
 “They acted in a ‘close your eyes and jump’ fashion, in an effort to buy Hypo Alpe at almost any price” ‘Buyer Regrets’ In the wake of the financial crisis, the deal turned into a disaster, causing the losses at BayernLB until 2009, when the unit was sold to the Austrian government for one euro.
 So far, Microsoft’s plan is to continue with the path that Google tried with Motorola, selling hardware that competes with software sold to rival manufacturers.
 Irregularities in the trust industry are coming to light as China faces a default on high-yielding investments at the end of this month, when a troubled 3 billion yuan trust product sold to raise funds for a collapsed coal miner matures.
 Elsewhere in Chatswood, 90 percent of developer Mirvac Group’s ERA high-rise apartment building sold to ethnic Asian buyers, most of them Chinese, according to John Carfi, head of the residential division.
 The product was sold to at least 150 customers including one known as “Soldier” who may have used it to steal $32 million over a six-month period, prosecutors said.
 The solar farms were commissioned in December and sold to Sustainable Power Group LLC.
 “Although I like drinking beer, I’ve never really had a chance to try craft beers as they’re still hard to find” Paying More AB InBev said this week it is paying $58 billion for Oriental Brewery, a business it sold to KKR & Co.
 before being sold to Vancouver-based Telus in October.
 The deal brings ships sold to ICBC last year to 21 valued at about $522 million, Paris-based Bourbon said in a statement.
 The ICBC and Standard Chartered deals bring the total sold to $165 billion, Lefevre said.
 and Hilcorp Energy Co, early-stage gas-drilling companies that it sold to larger rivals within a year.
 At a time when government-backed loans account for 90 percent of the market, non-qualified mortgages can’t be insured by the Federal Housing Administration or sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, the government-controlled enterprises that package home loans into bonds.
 Changing Structure Wells Fargo wants to give its clients more loans that can’t be sold to the government-backed firms.
 Nonconforming loans are those that can’t be sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.
 JPMorgan, which agreed to pay $51 billion in October to resolve claims by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac about debt sold to the financing companies, has no plans to expand or discontinue products after Jan.
 Canada generates about a third of its gross domestic product from exports and 75 percent of those are sold to the US, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Top Draw The film features Chiwetel Ejiofor as a free black man in pre-Civil War New York who is abducted and sold to a cruel slave owner played by Michael Fassbender.
 “It’s changed the course for others, and specifically for us, because we’re right in the middle of it, wells are literally across the street” The refinery contracts with Genesis Energy LP to purchase oil that it processes into jet fuel, diesel used by drillers and feedstock sold to nearby refineries.
 The Islamic loan was secured by a 3047 percent stake in Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd, which was sold to Kuala Lumpur-listed BIMB Holding Bhd on Dec.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 It was sold to New York-based AOL for $7 million in 2009.
 Airbus sold to lessors or other investors all 20 of the single-aisle planes it delivered to American in 2013 and has already sold forward “quite a few” of the 35 single-aisle planes to be delivered to American this year, said Taylor.
 The average yield on three-month T-bills sold today fell 14 basis points to 10392 percent while the nine-month yield dropped 15 basis points to 10964 percent.
 Epizyme jumped 76 percent to $3599 at the close in New York, its biggest single-day increase since the shares were first sold to the public more than seven months ago.
 The new bonds will probably be sold tomorrow and priced to yield 36 percent to 37 percent, according to McGrath at Cantor Fitzgerald.
 The agreement provides the Centennial, Colorado-based company with $75 million through senior secured convertible notes sold to Full Circle Capital Corp, a closed-end investment company, the firms said today in a statement.
 sold to Authentic Brands Group last year, is known for its velour sweatsuits and whimsical feminine designs.
 The bonds issued today were sold to yield 178 basis points over the mid-swap rate, or 3845 percent, the Treasury said.
 and McGraw Hill Cos, of assigning the highest possible ratings to mortgage-loan pools so they could be sold to institutional investors while knowing the certificates were actually junk bonds.
 The bank is considering selling its stakes in funds managed by Citi Venture Capital International, or CVCI, a private-equity manager that Citi sold to New York-based Rohatyn Group in December, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 A 12-bottle lot of Romanee-Conti 1978 sold to a Chinese buyer for HK$3675 million ($474,000) at Christie’s in Hong Kong on Nov.
 In January 2007, Wamco bought for its clients $50 million worth of Glen Meadow, "a $500 million private placement that was designed to provide subordinated debt financing to the Hartford Insurance Group" The offering memorandum said that the securities could not be sold to Employee Retirement Income Security Act benefits plans, because there are rules about what sorts of things Erisa benefits plans can own, but those rules are too boring to discuss in polite company1 Then this happened: Glen Meadow was initially coded in WAM’s automated compliance system as an asset-backed security that was non-ERISA eligible.
 I mean, there's a reason they have an outsourced database to keep track of what can be sold to which clients.
 “Nobody’s worrying a whole lot,” said Murray, who has advised brokerages that sold to HomeServices.
 “It’s definitely swinging the right way for Monsanto” Excluded from adjusted earnings are payments from the Posilac bovine growth hormone business that was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
 Term loan As are sold to bank lenders.
 Leuven, Belgium-based AB InBev is seeking to regain a business it sold to KKR in 2009 for $18 billion in a bid to cut debt following InBev NV’s $52 billion takeover of Anheuser-Busch Cos.
 Google’s Motorola Mobility unit, which is being sold to Lenovo Group Ltd.
 Prior to starting Domo in 2010, James founded and ran online ad measurement company Omniture, which he sold to Adobe Inc.
 Compare Goldman's profit of 25 to 67 percent of notional on the options it sold to Libya, which Libya is mad about.
 ADRs in AutoNavi surged 24 percent to $2057 at the close in New York, the biggest gain since the shares were sold to the public in June 2010.
 The company hasn’t specified the size of the potential stakes Dongfeng and the French state may buy, though it said they may acquire stock first and then further shares would be sold to current investors under “the preferred scenario” Other alternatives are being considered, Peugeot said.
 Businesses such as Parex mortars and Chryso adjuvants may now be sold together in the IPO to take advantage of buoyant stock markets, said the people.
 He invested in ImClone Systems Inc, which was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
 in 2008 for $63 billion, and Genzyme Corp, sold to Sanofi for $194 billion in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 German officials said they found collusion between the sugar producers to set sales areas, quotas and prices for sugar sold to industry and to retailers in the country until 2009.
 last year when the food giant was sold to Brazil private-equity firm 3G and Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 He has worked before with Comcast, advising the cable company on its acquisition of AT&T Broadband, and was with Grupo Modelo SAB when the Mexican brewer was sold to Anheuser-Busch InBev NV.
 Many of the large projects nearing completion now were sold to utilities to meet state requirements, known as renewable portfolio standards, for the use of clean energy.
 mortgage-backed securities sold to clients.
 It’s unclear how the files were stolen, the newspaper said, adding that data was sold to brokers to be used for “investment scams” The information included details on income, savings, mortgages, health issues, insurance policies and passport and national insurance numbers, and the customers included professionals as well as people from other walks of life, the Mail on Sunday said.
 Bridgestone engaged in a conspiracy to allocate sales and fix prices of anti-vibration rubber parts installed in cars sold to automakers including Toyota Motor Corp.
 Leonid Lebedev, a member of the upper house of the Russian legislature, said in a complaint filed yesterday in New York that the sum came due last year when the company, in which the men all held stakes, was sold to Rosneft OAO, Russia’s largest oil company, for $55 billion.
 They kept their proportionate interests of TNK as it partnered with BP Plc, and the venture was sold to Rosneft last year.
 About 48 percent of the trust products were sold to provide finance for borrowers, according to today’s statement.
 “What we sold tonight was a group of drawings that came from the private collection of Jan and his wife,” Newman said.
 It’s unclear how the files were stolen, the newspaper said, adding data was sold to brokers to be used for “investment scams” Barclays’s core Tier 1 equity ratio under the latest rules set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision fell 30 basis points in the quarter to 93 percent.
 Farm goods sold to China may drop to $215 billion this year from $235 billion in 2013, the USDA said in December.
 Violent demonstrations are disrupting deliveries of seeds sold to Ukrainian and Russian farmers from DuPont’s new $40 million seed plant in eastern Ukraine, Paul Schickler, president of the Wilmington, Delaware-based company’s seed unit, said in an interview today.
 last year, and more than 30,000 Edge and Explorer sport-utility vehicles produced in North America were sold to customers in China, automakers will have to adapt as the gaps in labor, material and energy costs narrow between the world’s two biggest vehicle markets, he said.
 to rig bids on investment contracts sold to local governments.
 The securities may be sold tomorrow with a conversion premium of 25 to 30 percent, according to two people with knowledge of the offering.
 The number of redemptions of such products sold to multiple investors will jump to 19 this year from five in 2013, according to Cnbenefit, a consulting firm based in the southwest city of Chengdu.
 was sold to an entity called 70th Street Acquisition LLC, which has an address in Hewlett, New York, according to New York City property records filed today.
 He invested in ImClone Systems Inc, which was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
 in 2008 for $63 billion, and Genzyme Corp, sold to Sanofi for $194 billion in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Those smartphones, resold to customers at a discount, helped lead to a decline in profit margins in every market except for Brazil, Central America and the US.
 “Buying AutoNavi fully will help better integrate and monetize the business” ADRs in AutoNavi surged 24 percent to $2057 at the close in New York, the biggest gain since the shares were sold to the public in June 2010.
 The naira has also been falling since the central bank last month removed the weekly limit of $250,000 that may be sold to a bureau de change.
 An exit is in the cards” The 15 percent stake could later be sold to a strategic buyer, which may include Televisa, Dineen said.
 Top-ranked securities maturing in seven years were sold to pay 85 basis points, or 085 percentage point, more than the one-month London interbank offered rate, according to a person familiar with the sale who asked not to be identified because terms aren’t public.
 It was packaged into a deal known as Titan Europe 2007-1 (NHP) Ltd, with notes of varying risk and return sold to investors.
 “We’ve not agreed to a sale and ultimately neither the borrower or ourselves are obliged to consider any proposals or offers we receive” Money Back If the property was sold today only investors in the most senior Class A notes would get their money back, according to Bank of America estimates.
 The company hasn’t decided whether or where it would build a splitter, which separates ultra-light crude oil into unfinished products that could be sold to refineries or blenders or exported overseas.
 The CoCo notes, sold to the government in 2011, would convert automatically to equity if the bank’s core Tier 1 capital ratio falls below 825 percent.
 HAV’s second airship, sold to the US.
 Rising Yields Mongolian Mining’s $600 million of 8875 percent notes due 2017 and sold to investors at par in March 2012 were yielding 2442 percent on March 14 compared with 1767 percent at the start of the year, Bloomberg-compiled prices show.
March 22 (Bloomberg) -- Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s second-biggest bank, agreed to pay $885 million to settle lawsuits by the Federal Housing Finance Agency over mortgages sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 Credit Suisse was among 18 lenders sued by the FHFA in 2011 to recoup losses on about $200 billion in mortgage-backed securities sold to the two government-sponsored companies before the financial crisis.
 The settlement relates to about $166 billion of residential mortgage-backed securities sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac between 2005 and 2007, the bank said.
 UBS, Switzerland’s biggest bank, in July 2013 agreed to pay $885 million to settle a FHFA lawsuit over $45 billion in residential mortgage-backed securities it sponsored and $18 billion of third-party RMBS sold to the two agencies.
 would have been responsible for paying a $1 billion prize as part of an insurance policy it sold to the lender.
 Anaren was eventually sold to private-equity firm Veritas Capital for $333 million.
 Stock that was borrowed and sold to bet on declines have fallen to 51 percent of the total outstanding, down from 17 percent at the end of 2012, according to data compiled by Markit.
 The new 10-year notes were sold to pay 140 basis points more than similar-maturity Treasuries, while the floating-rate debt yields 77 basis points more than the three-month London interbank offered rate, Bloomberg data show.
 About 40 percent of KME’s copper products are sold to the building sector, compared with 14 percent used by the electrical and electronics industry, according to the company.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 High costs are even driving smaller companies out of Norway as family-owned Stokke AS, which manufactures the popular Tripp Trapp highchair for children, last year agreed to be sold to a South Korean investment company.
 The drug, called Yondelis, is sold to treat ovarian tumors and a form of cancer of the body’s connective tissue called soft-tissue sarcoma.
 Trading profit will rise as production from Xstrata’s mines and Viterra’s grain-handling business flows directly into Glencore’s marketing division, where traders can wring profit from commodities before they are sold to end users.
 They were given the highest investment rating by S&P in 2006 and sold to Australian councils by LGFS.
 “The FDA’s approval of Zohydro ER, in its current form, must be stopped before this dangerous drug is sold to the public,” Manchin said on March 10.
March 5 (Bloomberg) -- DuPont Co’s secrets for cleanly manufacturing the ubiquitous white pigment found in paper and plastics were stolen and sold to a Chinese company by a California engineer, a jury said, handing a conviction to US.
 1, 2000, according to federal data compiled by Bloomberg, software products are often sold to government offices through third-party resellers.
 He co-founded two consumer-credit companies, which he sold to the Slovak unit of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA in 2005.
 That deal sees them buying back the 29 percent stake in Bumi sold to ARMS and regaining control of the operator of Arutmin.
 “Banks have been oversold to the degree that the shares are spiking up with the smallest positive news,” Sevgi Onur, an analyst at Global Securities in Istanbul, said by phone.
 Switzerland’s second-largest lender agreed to pay $885 million to settle lawsuits by the Federal Housing Finance Agency over mortgages sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 The painting, sold to a telephone bidder, was the top lot at the sale held by Christie’s International Plc.
 Rights to the tracking stock, for a unit to be called Liberty Broadband, will be sold to raise money for investments in new business opportunities, the company said yesterday in a statement.
 Steel, the biggest domestic producer of pipes and tubes sold to drillers, is among steelmakers who say they have been unfairly harmed as continued imports of the products are sold more cheaply than domestic producers can make them.
 These loans are often “priced more rationally” than largely syndicated loans sold to CLOs and mutual funds.
 “People start to remember this, and it creates a vicious cycle” The $16 billion of three-year fixed-rate notes sold to yield 250 basis points more than US.
 The painting, sold to a telephone bidder, was the top lotat the sale held by Christie’s International Plc.
 “When the music stops, everything will be real and paid for” Rilea broke ground on the British-themed project in January after 60 percent of the apartments had been sold to buyers who agreed to put down half of the purchase price.
 A minimum of 25 percent of the company will be sold to investors, with private-equity owners remaining the largest shareholders, Brit said in a statement today.
 “When the music stops, everything will be real and paid for” Rilea broke ground on the British-themed project in January after 60 percent of the apartments had been sold to buyers who agreed to put down half of the purchase price.
 Electricity from the plant, which is scheduled to start running in April 2015, will be sold to Tokyo Electric Power Co, the companies said in a statement today.
 It ended up filing for bankruptcy protection in 2012 and was sold to Micron Technology Inc.
 Rish Mitra, co-founder and CEO of Blippar, an augmented-reality mobile application that lets its 5 million users browse and interact with objects, says Oculus sold too early, and he wouldn’t have done the same.
March 7 (Bloomberg) -- New power company to be carved out of Public Power Corp and sold to investors, as part of privatization plans of Greece’s largest electricity provider, will have total production capacity of 2,690 MW, Kathimerini newspaper reports, without citing anyone.
 About 55 percent of the Milan-based company will be sold to investors, the people said.
 “Some property companies may see short-term cash flow disruption because of the sluggish sales and the high debt repayment burden” ‘Gradually Squeezed’ A total of 452 property collective trust products, which are sold to more than one investor, will be redeemed this year, totaling 1316 billion yuan, Hwabao Securities Co.
 The letter challenges two deals, one in October involving Planet Hollywood and a Baltimore property, and a second this month that included four resorts, in which the assets are being sold to Caesars Growth Partners, according to the filing by the Las Vegas-based company.
 The Western Riverside Council of Governments in California issued the underlying notes, according to a presale report by Kroll Bond Rating Agency, which planned to grant AA grades to the securities sold today.
 The switch hasn’t been sold to any company other than GM, the Troy, Michigan-based company said in a letter to NHTSA posted on the agency website today.
 Those assets were sold to Vitol Group, the world’s biggest independent oil trader, for A$29 billion a month later.
 Rembrandt Notes ABN Amro Bank NV’s Australian business arranged the creation of the Rembrandt notes, which were given the highest rating by S&P and sold to councils by a municipal investment adviser.
 While Alagasco no longer fits Energen’s interests, it’s a good business that will likely be sold to another utility, she said.
 Premium Services MagicJack can differentiate itself from WhatsApp and Viber because its service allows users to call any fixed or mobile phone line, not just people who are using the same application, according to CEO Vento, who previously headed TeleCorp PCS Inc, which was sold to AT&T Inc.
The Nuerburgring, the German racetrack known as Green Hell for its challenging Formula Onecourse, was sold to Capricorn Group, an auto parts maker basedin Dusseldorf.
 Where gas now flows, past commerce included slaves captured by Tatar raiding parties in neighboring countries, many of whom were sold to Genoese merchants feeding the demand for captive labor in the Ottoman Empire and western Europe.
 The 10-year notes were sold today at a bid-to-cover ratio, which gauges demand by comparing the amount bid with the amount offered, of 292.
 By the mid-1990s, Yeung moved into real estate, including a hotel in the Chinese factory town of Dongguan and homes in Malaysia and Thailand he sold to Hong Kong residents before Britain returned the colony to China.
 before being sold to Li’s Pacific Century Group during the financial crisis, is targeting faster growing emerging markets.
 Penney, we obviously sold to cut losses and admit a mistake,” he wrote in yesterday’s letter.
 JSC Commercial Bank DNB Bank will be sold to Asokerco Trading Limited LLC, owned by the majority shareholder in B&N Bank JSC, Mikail Shishkhanov, DNB said.
 The bank pays 9 percent annual interest on the bonds it sold to the government in the bailout and must swap the debt for stock if it doesn’t have the cash for the payment.
 Banks create the securities by bundling loans into bonds that are sold to investors or pledged as collateral for central bank funding.
 Wiped Out The relatively smaller size of the class in the Blackstone offering means that it can be wiped out faster by losses if the underlying homes need to be sold to repay investors’ principal.
 Menlo Ventures invested in MobiTV Inc, a maker of software that lets smartphone users watch live television, which pulled its plans for an initial offering in July 2012 citing “unfavorable market conditions” It also bet on the music-streaming service MOG, which was sold to Beats Electronics LLC two years ago for $14 million.
 Seth Pietras, a Gunvor spokesman, said the interest was not sold to anyone related to Gunvor.
 The company, sold to local managers in 1994, was bought by China’s Sinosteel in 2007, according to Zimasco’s Website.
 The 30-year bonds scheduled to be sold today yielded 356 percent in pre-auction trading.
 Sterling, which developed software to manage corporate computer systems, was sold to Computer Associates International Inc, now known as CA Inc.
 ‘Difficult Handoffs’ In the case of “Today,” about half of its ads are sold to reach that demographic, with the other half targeting the 25-to-54 age group.
 The six-story building located on via Negri 1 was sold to Fondo Inarcassa RE for 75 million euros ($103 million), Telecom Italia said yesterday.
 Treasury two-year notes were set to be sold today at the second-highest yield at an auction of the security since 2011 on speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates before the debt matures.
 Nucor melts scrap steel in electric furnaces to produce metal that’s sold to customers including appliance manufacturer Whirlpool Corp, and Bluelinx Holdings Inc, a distributor of building products.
 purchased its asset management arm and its distressed-asset trading unit was sold to Daishin Securities Co.
 to rig bids on investment contracts sold to local governments.
 that was sold to Rohatyn Group last year, and Partners in Life Sciences bought Biofarma, a generic producer of heart, respiratory and urinary-tract treatments, from its Turkish owners in 2006.
 A stake was sold to Greek private-equity firm Global Finance in 2007.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 is sold to Lotte Shopping Co, of Seoul.
 The nation’s benchmark three-, five- and 10-year bonds were sold today to yield the least since the start of series in 2004 and 2005, data released by the Madrid-based central bank showed.
 The nation’s benchmark three-, five- and 10-year bonds were sold today to yield the least since the start of series in 2004 and 2005, data released by the Madrid-based central bank showed.
 The Treasury today sold 556 billion euros ($769 billion) of debt, exceeding its maximum goal for the sale, as notes maturing in April 2017 and April 2019 were sold to yield respectively 1022 and 1663 percent, while its bond maturing in April 2024 was sold to yield 3059 percent.
 securities laws in connection with private-label mortgage-backed securities sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, over mortgage securities sold to the mortgage-finance firms.
 The agency claimed that loans backing securities sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were riskier than promised, leading to losses.
 Windows Licenses Devices and consumer licensing revenue, including copies of Windows sold to PC makers, increased to $438 billion, compared with the $42 billion average analyst estimate.
 The letter challenges an October deal involving Planet Hollywood and a Baltimore property, and the casino sales announced last month in which the assets are being sold to Caesars Growth Partners, according to the filing by the Las Vegas-based company.
 “Our business is not about shrinking,” Prock-Schauer said on a call with analysts, while adding: “There will be no taboos, we have to question everything we do” Air Berlin can choose whether it will pay the 8 percent interest on the bond sold to Etihad in cash or in kind, and Etihad’s stake in Air Berlin will remain unchanged at 2921 percent, the No.
 More than 140 plots of land on an island will be sold to UAE.
A 15th century porcelain cup sold to Chinese businessman Liu Yiqian for HK$281 million ($36 million) at Sotheby’s (BID) Hong Kong today, setting an auction record for a Chinese work of art.
 The ink and color on paper painting titled “Landscape in Snow” sold to an Asian private buyer, Poly said.
 The Bridgestone executives are accused of taking part in a scheme to allocate sales and fix prices for automotive anti-vibration rubber parts sold to automakers including Toyota Motor Corp.
 Nokia yesterday reported first-quarter net income, excluding the business sold to Microsoft, of 108 million euros, compared with a loss a year earlier.
 sold to an investor group led by Kohlberg & Co.
 The team, in its current location since the 1998-99 season, was sold to Viola and Douglas Cifu, Virtu’s chief executive officer, in September for $250 million, according to the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.
 “The county is obligated to support the arena and make up any shortfall” Broward County revenue bonds sold to refinance arena debt and maturing in September 2026 traded at an average yield of 1 percent April 2, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 bank, is resolving a portion of liabilities tied to mortgages it packaged and sold to investors in the run-up to the 2008 crisis.
 The agreement would release Citigroup’s obligation to repurchase loans sold to the trusts, according to the bank’s statement.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Treasury two-year notes were set to be sold today at the second-highest yield at an auction of the security since 2011 on speculation the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates before the debt matures.
 The Essen-based company has seen its market capitalization fall 14 percent to 132 billion euros since it listed shares sold to institutional investors a year ago.
 Slattery himself previously set up the RBS aircraft leasing division, and left three years before it was sold to Sumitomo.
 Largest Samurai Samurai bonds are yen-denominated notes issued by foreign borrowers, and uridashi refers to securities that are issued overseas and sold to individual investors in Japan.
 Permira’s prior investments include cosmetic-additive maker Cognis, sold to BASF SE for $38 billion in 2010.
 The plant’s electricity will be sold to Guam Power Authority under two 25-year contracts, NRG said in a July statement when it acquired the project from Quantum Utility Generation LLC.
 The Kospi index of shares fell for a third day even as overseas investors bought more local equities than they sold today, exchange data show Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju Yeol said in Washington over the weekend that making surprise interest-rate decisions isn’t desirable, and that expectations of a cut in borrowing costs are low in the money market.
 and a group of cable makers including Nexans SA were fined a total of 3016 million euros ($416 million) by the European Union for fixing the price of high-voltage power cables sold to energy providers.
 and a group of cable makers including Nexans SA were fined a total of 3016 million euros ($416 million) by the European Union for fixing the price of high-voltage power cables sold to energy providers.
 Safran SA was fined 86 million euros and must share another 123,500-euro fine with Silec Cable SAS which it has since sold to General Cable.
 Broadcasting rights have been sold to 207 markets, and will reach a cumulative audience of 42 billion worldwide.
 If no buyer steps up within 15 days, the shares can then be sold to the general public.
 New Nokia First-quarter net income, excluding the division sold to Microsoft, was 108 million euros, compared with a loss of 98 million euros a year earlier, Nokia said.
 GE made concessions, including a pledge to the EU to avoid any business involving the Typhoon combat jet sold to European governments.
 “I have been told by financial institutions who talk to us all the time if we need money they are there,” said Sadler, who previously headed up Geac Computer Corp, once Canada’s biggest software maker, before it was sold to Golden Gate Capital for $1 billion in 2005.
 James River has said that a breakup fee of as much as 3 percent of the purchase price will be paid to the stalking horse if the assets are sold to a higher bidder.
 Short interest, or shares borrowed and sold to profit from a decline, rose to a record 15 million on April 15 before decreasing to 131 million at the end of last month, according to data from US.
 I just see it as necessary” American Realty had previously planned to spin off the properties being sold to New York-based Blackstone into a unit called American Realty Capital Centers.
 Power will be sold to Tucson Electric Power Co.
 pension assets said sales of bulk annuities would offset an expected 50 percent drop in products sold to individual retirees.
 “The window is not closing on any particular type of transaction -- it’s just going to cost you a bit more” Issuance Drop New first-lien leveraged loans sold to institutional investors, such as mutual funds, paid an average yield of 407 percentage points more than benchmark rates in April, the highest since June and up from 371 percentage points in February, according to Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary & Data.
 DirecTV will have to pay AT&T a termination fee of $145 billion if it instead agrees to be sold to another company, and both companies may call off the combination if it’s not completed by May 18, 2015, though that deadline could be extended to Nov.
 Mortgage Bankers Association President David Stevens said this week that 2012 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data showed a 56 percent denial rate for blacks seeking home-purchase loans eligible to be sold to taxpayer-backed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which are known as government-sponsored enterprises.
 Cadbury agreed to be sold to Kraft for 117 billion pounds, creating the world’s largest confectionery company.
 “Cartel enforcement is their number one priority, and any decision that even has the potential to cut their extraterritorial jurisdiction is going to cause them concern” Motorola Mobility sued manufacturers over LCD displays that were sold to its foreign subsidiaries and incorporated into products that were then shipped to the US, according to court documents.
 and Zale Corp, which in February agreed to be sold to Signet Jewelers Ltd.
 They’re generally made to the most creditworthy borrowers with FICO scores of 760 on average and held by banks instead of being packaged into securities and sold to investors.
 This excludes government-backed securities AIB received as payment in 2010 for risky commercial real-estate it sold to the state’s bad bank, the National Asset Management Agency.
 Recently completed deals include a $306 million unit on the 58th floor bought by a limited-liability company and a $178 million apartment that sold to Richard Kringstein, the chief executive officer of outerwear company Herman Kay Co, city property records show.
 They’re starting to package the loans into securities that can be sold to investors, just as they did for subprime-mortgage lenders.
 The plastic pellets are sold to makers of shopping bags, food packaging and auto parts, among other end markets.
 About 10 percent of home loans that JPMorgan put on its balance sheet in the fourth quarter could have been sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the bank’s mortgage head, Kevin Watters, told analysts in February.
 “If they went through the courts, they might be waiting five years plus” Most of the bonds have since been sold to JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Plant Pledge In 2010, Cadbury agreed to be sold to Kraft for 117 billion pounds, creating the world’s largest confectionery company.
 The work was sold to Alberto Mugrabi, whose family owns one of the largest private Warhol collections in the world.
 Retained Deals All of the 478 billion euros of ABS issued in Europe in 2006 was sold to investors, while 58 percent of issuance was retained in 2013, according to the Association for Financial Markets in Europe.
 Watt also announced he was loosening rules that have forced banks to buy back billions of dollars worth of flawed home loans they sold to the two mortgage financiers, a move designed to spur the housing market.
 The debt was sold to investors at 995 cents on the dollar and quoted today at 100375, according to prices compiled by Bloomberg.
 Investors bid for 151 times the amount of the 2016 Italian debt sold today, up from 147 last month.
 Richard Bowen, the former chief underwriter for its consumer-lending group, told the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2010 that he determined in mid-2006 that more than 60 percent of mortgages that Citigroup bought from other firms and sold to investors such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were “defective” Fraser said today that being bigger in mortgages can help Citigroup win wealth management and banking business.
 Instead, a variety of financial firms might copy its underlying design to hone their own systems or services sold to clients.
 He didn’t give details on the buyers of the bonds sold today or possible future debt sales.
 loans sold to institutional investors such as mutual funds, compared with a record $695 billion in all of 2013, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “Russian gas sold to Ukraine now exceeds the Winter 14-15 contract on the German NCG hub” which was at 2495 euros a megawatt-hour, according to broker data compiled by Bloomberg.
 It’s made all its other interest payments on the notes, which were sold to investors in November 2009, he said.
 Buildings in receivership are typically sold to pay debts.
 Higher claims costs on policies sold to individuals and on disability policies for businesses contributed to the decline.
 and China Development Bank Corp, will be sold to institutional investors through China’s interbank bond markets, according to the statement.
 The 24 million Saint-Gobain shares, or about 43 percent of the total, will be sold to institutional investors via Bank of America Corp’s Merrill Lynch and JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wendel said yesterday in a statement.
 “We owe it to consumers to provide them with greater control over how data brokers are obtaining and using their personal data” Biblical Lifestyle Brokers amass information about consumers from public records and other companies and create profiles that are sold to other companies.
 of failing to ensure the accuracy of background screening reports sold to employers.
 The Melbourne-based company’s $250 million of 8875 percent notes due 2018 were trading at 81 cents on the dollar yesterday, having lost 83 percent since they were sold to investors in March last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “But management told us to stay on top of our game, always reassuring us that things were on the downside now, but we were going to be alright” State and city governments contributed another $42 million to the yard in 2011 to help it build two petroleum tankers, which it eventually sold to Jacksonville, Florida-based Crowley Maritime Corp.
May 21 (Bloomberg) -- Space Communication Ltd, an Israeli satellite operator, is close to announcing the outcome of a five-month sale process that will see a majority stake sold to new owners.
 About 22 percent of the shares have been borrowed and sold to speculate on future losses, according to data compiled by Markit Ltd.
 Lenders use “overlays” -- restrictions tougher than those required by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- to reduce the chance of default on loans sold to the government-run companies.
 Bondholder Claims The 2017 loan was sold to investors at 9925 cents on the dollar, reducing proceeds for the company and increasing yield for investors, according to the person.
 DirecTV will pay AT&T a breakup fee of $1445 billion if it instead agrees to be sold to another company, the pay-TV provider said in a filing today.
 The credit grader lifted the packaging company’s senior unsecured debt rating by one level to Baa2 from Baa3, citing its “sustained deleveraging and the expectation of improving financial and operating performance” Interest Expense Its 10-year securities sold today had an extra yield of 110 basis points more than similar-maturity Treasuries, compared with a 270 basis-points spread for bonds sold in November 2011 with a 475 percent coupon.
 Management Exodus British Gas was sold to stock-market investors in 1986 as part of a wave of privatizations undertaken by Thatcher’s Conservative government.
 The most expensive lot was an abstract painting by Chinese-French artist Zao Wou-ki titled “Sous Bois Dans la Nuit” that sold to a client in the room for 36 million yuan, the auction house said in a statement.
 The securities of the same maturity Oracle sold today yielded 90 basis points more than government bonds, Bloomberg data show.
 He co-founded two consumer-credit companies, which he sold to the Slovak unit of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA in 2005.
 CWCapital said it’s continuing to “evaluate disposition alternatives” The complex could still be sold to an outside buyer in the second half of the year, the company said.
 Swift was CFO of American Life Insurance Co, the AIG unit that was sold to MetLife Inc, before joining Hartford.
 from August 2007 to November 2009, during which time the company was sold to Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly & Co.
 He said the court stopped short of ruling that commissions generated from goods sold to the sales force, rather than customers outside the company’s network of distributors, are illegal.
 The amount of shares sold to such investors, which may include sovereign wealth funds, will depend on the pricing of the sale, he said.
 The company’s 20 billion yen of bonds sold to individual investors were named after the team.
 Mining companies have said it’s difficult to comply because their copper is often sold to trading companies and they don’t know where it ends up.
 bought Paris-based Euronext in 2007, renamed itself NYSE Euronext, and then sold to Atlanta-based ICE seven months ago.
 The Japanese commercial real estate loans of 07 billion were sold to investment manager PAG.
 is spending $128 million to convert the gas into baking soda and hydrochloric acid that can be sold to the cattle and oil industries.
 Most of the outlets were converted into Asda supermarkets and others were sold to meet antitrust concerns.
 Sophisticated Buyers The lender has denied the claims in both government lawsuits, arguing the securities were sold to “sophisticated” financial institutions that haven’t sued over the deals.
 FHFA Lawsuits The company said the following month that it had agreed to pay $885 million to settle lawsuits by the Federal Housing Finance Agency over mortgages sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 Credit Suisse was among 18 lenders sued by the FHFA in 2011 to recoup losses on about $200 billion in mortgage-backed securities sold to the two government-sponsored companies before the financial crisis.
 Investors bid 131 times the amount of the five-year debt sold and 141 for the 10-year bonds sold today, compared with 138 and 132 last month respectively.
 Orix in December agreed to sell its entire 719 percent stake in STX Energy Co, a South Korean company that operates power plants and was sold to help raise funds for its cash-strapped parent STX Group.
 The stake was sold to GS Holdings Corp.
 loans sold to institutional investors such as mutual funds and collateralized loan obligations, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 and Permira Advisers LLP, is being sold to a group that includes Bob Mackenzie, former chairman of National Car Parks, and AA management, according to a statement today.
 I’m not really seeing bearish activity here” DirecTV will pay AT&T a breakup fee of $1445 billion if it agrees to be sold to another company, the pay-TV provider said in a May 19 filing.
 Banks from today can include in the calculation negotiable certificates of deposit sold to companies or individuals, the China Banking Regulatory Commission said in a statement yesterday.
 The lender has denied the claims in both government lawsuits, arguing the securities were sold to “sophisticated” financial institutions that haven’t sued over the deals.
 Another option, though less likely, would be placing the assets into a separate company to be sold to the public, they said.
 The five-year notes sold today drew a yield of 167 percent, compared with a forecast of 166 percent in a Bloomberg News survey of six of the Fed’s 22 primary dealers.
 rules can only be sold to accredited investors, defined as individuals with a net worth of more than $1 million or annual earnings of more than $200,000, or institutions with more than $5 million in assets.
 Notes Auction The three-year notes sold today yielded 0930 percent, compared with a forecast of 0924 percent in a Bloomberg News survey of eight of the Federal Reserve’s 22 primary dealers.
 “They are a cautious and prudent issuer, and when costs make sense and demand is there, they position themselves well to move quickly” The 2019 Aussie dollar notes sold today were priced to yield 315 basis points more than federal government bonds, while the 2025 securities are being issued at a 555-basis-point spread, according to the statement.
 They all sold to Hong Kong tycoons.
 A 60-kilometer (37 mile) undersea cable will connect Ukujima to the main island of Kyushu and all power produced by the project will be sold to Kyushu Electric Power Co.
 Higher-rated issuers, including New York’s Thruway Authority, have also sold toll bonds this year.
 Antwerp Diamond Bank, the KBC Groep NV unit being sold to Yinren Group of China, also reduced its financing to 70 percent.
 Its products are also sold to the oil and gas industry and manufacturers of gas turbines.
 Steel, the biggest domestic producer of pipes and tubes sold to oil and gas drillers, is part of an anti-dumping action with the US.
 “It’s thrilling in that sense” Gray’s real estate group, for instance, had looked at taking a control position in One Market Plaza in San Francisco, a two-tower complex near the city’s waterfront that it had sold to Morgan Stanley in 2007.
 In such cases, the buildings are typically sold to pay debts.
 Litt is pushing for the sale of Associated less than a year after he started a takeover attempt of BRE Properties Inc, a San Francisco-based apartment building landlord that was later sold to Essex Property Trust Inc.
 The companies, which were on the brink of insolvency in 2008 and seized by the government, buy mortgages from lenders and package them into securities that are sold to investors.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Bank of America Corp’s Countrywide unit was ordered to pay $13 billion in penalties for defective mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis, a little more than half of what the federal government had requested.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 The mortgages are made to the most creditworthy borrowers and are generally held by banks instead of being packaged into securities and sold to investors.
 The company, which makes surgery devices like colostomy pouches and bandages, was spun out from Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2008 and sold to its current owners for $41 billion.
 The assets sold to Blackstone consist mostly of residential mortgages concentrated in the region of Catalonia, according to a sale document for the portfolio seen by Bloomberg News.
 clients at the Swiss business it sold to Union Bancaire Privee last year.
 Orix in December agreed to sell its entire 719 percent stake in STX Energy Co, a South Korean company that operates power plants and was sold to help raise funds for its cash-strapped parent STX Group.
 The stake was sold to GS Holdings Corp.
 A little over an hour later, the same bonds were sold to an investor for $101, a jump of almost 5 percent.
 Investors bid 145 times the amount of the five-year debt sold and the 10-year bonds sold today, compared with 131 and 141 last month respectively.
 Large businesses shunned buildings sold to multiple owners under a system known as strata title in favor of properties owned by single entities.
 Steel is the biggest domestic producer of pipes and tubes sold to oil and gas companies, and the sales of the products represented 48 percent of its 2013 operating income.
 Banks beginning yesterday can include in the calculation negotiable certificates of deposit sold to companies or individuals, the China Banking Regulatory Commission said in a statement.
 House Sold The EU’s Court of Justice disagreed on May 13, when it sided with Spain’s data-protection regulator which had ordered Google to remove a link to a newspaper notice that popped up on a search on Mario Costeja Gonzalez, a calligraphy expert whose house had been sold to pay off debt.
 As part of its debut offering, the finance arm of Osaka, Japan-based tractor-maker Kubota sold top-rated debt maturing in 38 years that pays 40 basis points, or 04 percentage point, more than the benchmark swap rate.
 The 20-year bonds were sold to pay 155 basis points, or 155 percentage points more than benchmarks, Bloomberg data show.
 He got back into gold by merging Aflease with an Australian company in 2009 to create Gold One International Ltd, which was sold to a group of Chinese investors in 2013.
 In the past, many software offerings were sold to customers in a licensing model, where clients pay upfront for the right to use the tools for an allotted amount of time.
 regulators are seeking to stiffen standards for mortgage insurers that back loans sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to prevent a repeat of the losses the government-backed firms faced in the 2008 financial crisis.
 We discussed whether we were going to have a workplace to go back to” Tsumoto took early retirement in 1998, before LTCB was nationalized and eventually sold to foreign investors in 2000.
 Last year, seven other individuals were charged in Brooklyn federal court with taking part in a separate $140 million fraud scheme, in which penny stocks were sold to victims in as many as 35 countries, according to prosecutors.
 Net income, including from Motorola, which is being sold to Lenovo Group Ltd, rose to $342 billion, or $499 a share during the second quarter, from $323 billion, or $477, a year earlier.
 The other site, also in the area, was sold to a separate unit for HK$2 billion.
 Those are chips sold to Apple Inc.
 Lacroix defaced the companies’ Twitter accounts with text and pictures, including falsely posting on Corporation A’s feed that it had been sold to its chief competitor.
 Banks have arranged about $352 billion of leveraged loans that were sold to institutional investors such as mutual funds and collateralized loan obligations this year, after a record $695 billion of such issuance last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 ‘Preparation Matters’ Interest-rate margins for new loans sold to institutional investors averaged 409 percentage points more than benchmarks on July 17, down from as high as 589 percentage points in July 2010, according to S&P Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary & Data.
 Reid said inaction on the issue “has been under the umbrella of: ‘We can’t do anything until we do tax reform’” Instead, he said, “We feel that if we don’t do something on inversions, there will be nothing to build tax reform on” Shares of some health-care companies that plan to carry out inversions, or be sold to an inverting company, dropped today after Lew’s statements even as the Standard & Poor’s 500 Pharmaceuticals Index rose.
 The logic goes, well how many other little companies have these issues?” The number of Gowex shares borrowed and sold to speculate on declines reached a peak of 23 million on July 2, representing about 183 million euros in bearish bets, according to data from Markit Group Ltd.
 Short sellers are pulling out of Lorillard, with the number of shares borrowed and sold to speculate on declines down 62 percent this year.
 Consolidation Phase Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust was formed after Waypoint Homes was sold to an affiliate of Barry Sternlicht’s Starwood Capital Group LLC, which has about $36 billion of assets under management.
 America Movil didn’t specify which assets would be sold to the new independent operator.
 to Rio de Janeiro-based Oi SA have sold towers in the past year to raise funds.
 Nucor melts scrap steel in electric furnaces to produce metal that’s sold to customers including appliance manufacturer Whirlpool Corp.
 Dollar Bonds The yield on the debt Codelco sold today is equivalent to 387 percent in dollars if the company exchanged the euro liability through cross-currency swaps.
 sensors for use in missiles that would then be sold to Qatar, the Nikkei newspaper reported today.
 The output will be sold to Xcel’s Colorado utility under a 25-year contract.
 investigated by the Justice Department for allegedly misrepresenting the quality of mortgage-backed bonds sold to investors before 2008’s credit crisis.
 In a separate matter, the bank, based in Charlotte, North Carolina, was also ordered today to pay $13 billion in penalties for defective mortgage loans that Countrywide sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac before the crisis.
 investigated by the Justice Department for allegedly misrepresenting the quality of mortgage-backed bonds sold to investors as housing prices plummeted.
 The shares were sold to investors last week for A$210 each, above the midpoint of a marketed range.
 The so-called term loan B, which is typically sold to institutional investors such as mutual funds and collateralized loan obligations, was increased from $425 billion.
 Interest rate margins for new loans sold to institutional investors averaged 409 percentage points more than lending benchmarks on July 17, rising from 329 percentage points in June, according to Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary & Data.
 The company is planning a shake-up of CityJet routes, with services between London City and Germany likely to be scrapped, said Woehrl, who has also been CEO of Deutsche BA, which he sold to Air Berlin Plc, along with long-haul carrier LTU.
 Ross & Partners was sold to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 investigated by the Justice Department for allegedly misrepresenting the quality of mortgage-backed bonds sold to investors as housing prices plummeted.
 Recently completed deals at the 90-story tower include a $304 million unit on the 61st floor bought by a limited-liability company and a $178 million apartment that sold to Richard Kringstein, the CEO of outerwear company Herman Kay Co, city property records show.
 Corbat, 54, follows his counterparts at bigger banks in grappling with authorities over allegations of misrepresenting the quality of mortgage-backed bonds sold to investors.
 Steel is the biggest domestic producer of pipes and tubes sold to oil and gas companies, and the sales of the products represented 48 percent of its 2013 operating income.
 Even if Murdoch is unable to secure a deal, it’s likely Time Warner will get sold to someone else within the next two to three years, she said.
 Senate committee will hold a hearing next week into products the bank sold to a hedge fund.
 when it was sold to Deutsche Telekom AG in 2001, creating T-Mobile USA Inc.
 when it was sold to Alltel Corp.
 In March, he backed Bouygues’s $20 billion bid for Vivendi’s SFR unit, which was ultimately sold to cable tycoon Patrick Drahi’s Altice SA.
 “Let’s hope we get some relief once these butter contracts run out,” said Michler, 57, the San Francisco chef who made 110,000 cookies, bars, desserts and tarts in June that he sold to local restaurants and retailers.
 The affected products were sold to McDonald’s locations in China and Japan, not the US.
 The notes sold today pay 304 percentage points more than similar-maturity Treasuries, Bloomberg data show.
 “ST’s quarter is broadly in line, but many companies in the sector are coming ahead of expectations” STMicro is reducing its reliance on the wireless business after shutting down its unprofitable phone-chip unit with Ericsson AB, focusing instead on the more lucrative power-management products, microcontrollers and sensors sold to the likes of Samsung Electronics Co.
 The output is sold to Edison International’s Southern California Edison utility under a long term contract.
 About 44 percent of the industry’s stock has been borrowed and sold to speculate on declines, the most in 20 months, according to data compiled by Markit Ltd.
 Its 37 percent notes due 2024 were sold to yield 130 basis points more than similar-maturity Treasuries, and its 23 percent notes due 2019 yielded 75 basis points more than benchmarks, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 A Bloomberg News survey of six primary dealers forecast that the notes sold today would yield 0925 percent.
 Bidder Participation Direct bidders, non-primary-dealer investors including pension funds and insurance companies that place their bids directly with the Treasury, bought 19 percent of the notes sold today.
 Elephant Bar Restaurant Chain Has Going-Concern Buyer Elephant Bar, a chain of 29 restaurants in seven states, will be sold to an affiliate of Chalak Mitra Group, pending approval by the bankruptcy court in Santa Ana, California, at a hearing on Aug.
 NQuants, founded within Lehman Brothers in 2000 by Durantel and Schneider, was sold to Barclays in 2008, following the acquisition of the defunct bank’s North American operations.
 The $16 billion in 30-year bonds scheduled to be sold today yielded the least in 15 months in pre-auction trading.
 The setup is trying to knock the market back so that the street can take down the supply” The 30-year bonds to be sold today yielded 325 percent in pre-auction trading, which would be the lowest auction level since the May 2013 offering’s 2980 percent.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Credit Suisse Group AG designed securities that were used to finance Espirito Santo companies and sold to clients of Banco Espirito Santo SA, the Portuguese lender that was bailed out this month, the Wall Street Journal reported today.
 The Treasury Inflation Protected Securities sold today yielded negative 0281 percent, compared with the average forecast of negative 0271 percent in a Bloomberg News survey of five of the Fed’s 22 primary dealers.
 He founded Large Horse International Group, a holding company headquartered in Hong Kong with about 2,000 employees that invests in energy deals and manufactures electric appliances and parts sold to customers including Whirlpool Corp.
 The company declined to provide details of what kind of vehicles were sold to specific countries.
 “That’s what we’re aiming for, because although I think we’ve got great service, the best service is no service” Tesla rose 02 percent at the close in New York to $25996, the highest since the shares were first sold to the public in June 2010.
 Interest-rate margins for new loans sold to institutional investors have also risen, with the average rate climbing to 403 percentage points above lending benchmarks last month, from 392 percentage points in June, according to S&P Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary & Data.
 He subsequently boosted the fund manager’s performance by cutting costs and focusing on the firm’s traditional businesses such as investment trusts, before it was sold to Canada’s Bank of Montreal earlier this year.
 The lower floors were sold to Monaco’s government for use by local citizens, who will enter the building through a separate entrance.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- A police investigation at the Slovak unit of Enel SpA relates to accounting operations that cut the value of the country’s largest generator before it was sold to the Italian utility, Premier Robert Fico said.
 The fries, which are designed to absorb less oil, have been sold to more than 100 million people, the company said.
 adjustable-rate mortgages, including ones sold to government-backed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 By June 1, the task force found a solution it could endorse: the bulk of Delphi’s assets would be sold to Platinum Equity LLC, a Los Angeles-based private-equity firm.
 The operation has benefited from the pension transfer deals and from climbing account values on products sold to individuals.
 MEE Apparel Confirms Liquidating Plan Following Sale MEE Apparel LLC, a provider of youth apparel under the ’Ecko Unltd’ and ’Unltd’ brands before the business was sold to a company controlled by co-founder Seth Gerszberg, won court approval of a Chapter 11 plan of liquidation.
 Even if Murdoch were unable to secure a deal, it’s likely Time Warner will get sold to someone else within the next two to three years, Laura Martin, a media analyst at Needham & Co, said in a phone interview last week.
 Auction Yield The notes sold today yielded 2439 percent, the least since June 2013, compared with a forecast of 2435 percent in a Bloomberg News survey of six primary dealers.
 Apollo Global Management LLC purchased Sprouts in 2011 and combined it with Henry’s Marketplace, another grocery chain that Boney had started in the 1960s and sold to Wild Oats.
 Second Liens Because the loans aren’t sold to investors, banks have more flexibility to ease terms for HELOC borrowers, according to Ira Rheingold, executive director of the National Association of Consumer Advocates in Washington.
 In June, Medtronic agreed to buy Dublin-based Covidien for $429 billion in cash and stock to expand its portfolio of products sold to hospitals.
 and its finance unit sold a total $115 billion of notes, contributing to more than $11 billion of corporate debt that was sold today, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Ross & Partners was sold to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
 It was later listed before being sold to Foster’s Group Ltd.
 Even if Murdoch is unable to secure a deal, it’s likely Time Warner will get sold to someone else within the next two to three years, she said.
 In March, he backed Bouygues’s $20 billion bid for Vivendi’s SFR unit, which was ultimately sold to cable tycoon Patrick Drahi’s Altice SA.
 Nau wasn’t sold to Eurofin until after he left, Moreira Rato said.
 About 9 percent of Groupon’s shares outstanding have been borrowed and sold to bet on future losses, the most since April, data compiled from Markit Ltd.
 was sold to Tribune Co.
 The most recent new-build Leopard 2 was produced in 2009, after 3,200 were previously sold to 16 armies worldwide.
 Output from the project will be sold to Edison International’s Southern California Edison utility under a long-term contract.
 When Zaja and a partner based on the mainland, whom he declined to identify, first set up Ausin in 2009, banks would only finance developments where less than 30 percent was sold to overseas buyers, he said.
 Narrower Spread On the deal from Deutsche Bank and Cantor Fitzgerald, aslice of securities rated AAA by Fitch Ratings and Aa1 byMoody’s Investors Service was sold to yield 110 basis pointsmore than benchmark interest rates, according to a personfamiliar with the terms.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- HSBC Holdings Plc will pay $550 million to resolve accusations of misconduct in its handling of mortgage securities sold to taxpayers before the financial crisis.
 CLOs pool loans into new securities with varying risk and return that are sold to institutions and hedge funds.
 The water from the plant is sold to Namwater, the onlyentity allowed to own water distribution infrastructure in thecountry, for onward distribution to mining companies.
 Treasury Auction The notes sold today yielded 2535 percent, matching the forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of six of the Federal Reserve’s 22 primary dealers.
 Credit Suisse paid $885 million to settle lawsuits by theFederal Housing Finance Agency over mortgages sold to Fannie Maeand Freddie Mac in March.
 loaned Ecuador’s state oil company $1 billion, then repackaged the debt into securities that it sold to bond investors this month, according to a prospectus for the notes.
 Case Details Bashneft, which produces about 350,000 barrels of oil aday, was controlled by Russia’s Bashkortostan region until 2003,when a major stake was sold to entities linked with UralRakhimov, son of former Bashkortostan President Murtaza Rakhimov, according to Vedomosti and Kommersant newspapers.
 13 and most recently ran InfraHedge Ltd, a company he created in 2010 and sold to State Street Corp.
 The seven former and current executives charged today were involved in fixing prices of starter motors, alternators and other parts sold to Ford Motor Co, General Motors LLC and Honda Motor Co, among other carmakers in the US.
 The bank will sell 500 million shares, or 25 percent of its capital, with 15 percent allocated to Saudi individual investors and the remainder sold to the Public Pension Agency.
 About 82 percent of the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust’s shares have been borrowed and sold to speculate on declines, up from 33 percent at the start of 2014, Markit data show.
 says the art should be sold topay creditors.
 The debt may be sold to investors at a discount of 99 cents to 995 cents on the dollar, according to the person.
 The information is then sold to data brokers who repackage and resell it.
 The tower is under contract to be sold to developer Norman Sturner’s Murray Hill Properties LLC and a partner for about $435 a square foot, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are private.
 Deliveries of weapons which will stop Putin are now taking place because, as I explained, if we don’t stop Putin here, we’ll still have to stop him -- but in another country” He didn’t say which countries have supplied arms, what types of weapons have been delivered, or whether they are being sold to Ukraine or donated.
 Phone Shipments About 24 million BlackBerry smartphones were sold to customers in the quarter, and the company recognized hardware revenue on about 21 million of them.
 That compares with revenue from 16 million smartphones in the first quarter and about 26 million sold to customers.
 and has the potential to break the global record if additional shares are sold to underwriters.
 The government identified assets that could be sold to help Eskom as part of a rescue package that includes a capital injection and an increase in government-guaranteed debt, Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene said yesterday without giving details.
 Real estate, vehicles and companies Batista sold to third parties or donated to family members since last year should also be seized, prosecutor Karen Louise Jeanette Kahn said in an e-mailed statement.
 Almost 12 percent of Taser shares have been borrowed and sold to speculate on declines, up from 38 percent on July 17, according to data compiled by Markit Ltd.
 households, could potentially be sold to a cable network company, while the company’s weather data could be acquired separately, one of the people said.
 “There’s noise coming out that the newnational TV contract is going to be huge” The Milwaukee Bucks in April were sold to Avenue CapitalManagement’s Marc Lasry and Fortress Investment Group LLC (FIG) co-founder Wesley Edens for $550 million, a record amount at thetime.
 Credit Suisse Group AG and VTB Capital Plc financed its purchase of tuna boats, then packaged the debt into bonds that they sold to investors.
 The team has since been sold to Microsoft Corp.
 He was executive deputy chairman of Alliance UniChem Plc, and owned 30 percent of the business before it was sold to Boots Group Plc to create Alliance Boots in 2005.
 The business was subsequently sold to private equity firm KKR & Co.
 The two-year notes sold today drew a bid-to-cover ratio, which gauges demand by comparing total bids with the amount of securities offered, of 356, the highest since February and compared with an average of 342 for the past 10 sales.
 and has the potential to break theglobal record if additional shares are sold to underwriters.
 and has thepotential to break the global record if additional shares aresold to underwriters.
 Most of the cases were sold to people who later resold them at places like shopping mall kiosks, according to the statement.
 The shares were sold to institutional investors in anaccelerated book-build handled by Goldman Sachs International,Nordea Bank AB and UBS Ltd, ISS said.
 Power from the Cottonwood project will be sold to regional electricity provider Marin Energy Authority under a 25-year power-purchase agreement.
 Power from Catalina will be sold to an unnamed buyer under a 20-year agreement.
 The bank will sell 500 million shares, or 25 percent of its capital, with 15 percent allocated to Saudi individual investors and the remainder sold to the Public Pension Agency.
 The Calvert plant’s steel sheet is sold to the automotive industry while it also supplies makers of pipes used in the energy industry.
 Revenue at the South African business increased 1 percent to 74 billion rand, curbed by price cuts of HIV/AIDS drugs and “sharply lower” volumes sold to South Africa’s government, the company said.
 “Issuance is starting to come back to life as companies get enough investor attention to sell bonds” Investors submitted bids valued at 475 billion rubles, and the notes were sold to a single buyer, according to the ministry and data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Countrywide was found liable by a federal jury in Manhattanfor lying about the quality of the almost $3 billion inmortgages it sold to Fannie Mae (FNMA) and Freddie Mac (FMCC) in 2007 and2008.
 Rakoff’s calculation of the Countrywide penalty reduced thetotal value of the mortgages sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Macduring a nine-month period under a so-called High Speed SwimLane program, which was $3 billion, by the percentage of loansthat didn’t turn out to be defective.
 It’s a joint decision” Shares of London-based African Barrick were first sold to the public in 2010.
 Phones 4u also has about 300,000 phones in stock, some of which may be sold to raise money, one of the people said.
 The 30-year debt sold today yielded 324 percent, compared with a forecast of 3267 percent in a Bloomberg News survey of five of the Federal Reserve’s 22 primary dealers.
 ONGC’s first-quarter earnings trailed analyst estimates, partly because of higher discounts on crude oil sold to state refiners that market fuels below cost to keep retail prices in check.
 “At the moment in time where MTV sold to Viacom, they were valuable,” Strompolos said.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- HSBC Holdings PLC will pay as much as $600 million to settle claims over flawed mortgage bonds sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, according to a person briefed on the deal.
 Restricting primary investments to Saudi citizens is a means for the government to redistribute oil wealth by allowing locals to profit from asset-price gains after they’ve been sold to the public.
 and has the potential to break the globalrecord if additional shares are sold to underwriters.
 Those transactions are less damaging to a borrower’s credit record and keep the house occupied  Fewer Foreclosures About 41 percent of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29 percent of the neighborhood mortgages  Almost 23 percent of the national loans were resold to third parties that no longer report outcomes.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Enterprise Bank Ltd, the Nigerian lender taken over by the state in 2011, may be sold to a unit linked to Heritage Banking Co, with a second local institution next in line.
 The interest on new loans sold to institutional investorssuch as mutual funds and collateralized loan obligations rose to455 percentage points more than lending benchmarks in August,from 403 percentage points in July, according to Standard &Poor’s Capital IQ Leveraged Commentary and Data.
 “Growth is being sold today with both hands, whether it’s nervousness over the Fed, or in order to raise funds for the Alibaba allocation,” Michael James, a Los Angeles-based managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc, said by phone.
 Eastman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Costa is betting on rising demand for technologies that boost food output, with 46 percent of Taminco sales coming from products sold to farmers and ranchers.
 Selling Growth “Growth is being sold today with both hands, whether it’s nervousness over the Fed, or in order to raise funds for the Alibaba allocation,” Michael James, a Los Angeles-based managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc, said in a phone interview.
 The building was later sold to investor Harry Helmsley, who put his name on it.
 The public broadcaster needs to stop transmitting over the air and be sold to cable and satellite providers like a specialty channel to survive tougher competition from Internet-delivered TV like Netflix Inc, Lacroix told regulators last month.
 leveraged loans sold to investors, is also arranging $1 billion of loans for Vista Equity Partners’ takeover of TransFirst Inc, according to a person with knowledge of the financing.
 leveraged loans sold to institutional investors, and Guggenheim Partners LLC, which is the 37th largest, may help arrange the financing, according to people with knowledge of the deal.
 The CO2 will be sold to Plano, Texas-based Denbury Resources Inc, which will inject it into oil fields to thin the fuel and allow it to flow more readily to the surface.
 The buildings sold today have more than 125,000 square meters (135 million square feet) of leaseable space, KanAm said.
 Blackstone then gained an equity stake in the properties sold to Google through a loan restructuring.
 He probably wouldn’t see a return on his investment if Talisman were sold today.
 leveraged loans sold to investors so far this year, compared with a record $696 billion in all of 2013, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Lower economic growth is adding pressure to trust products, which are often sold to fund corporates unable to obtain bank loans.
 It has an application called RealBook that lists resale values for more than 500 brands, fed by data from brands’ websites and goods sold to date.
 The company has essentially been pursuing a slow-moving breakup for the last decade, divesting assets such as its PC business and low-end server unit, which were both sold to Lenovo Group Ltd.
 It was sold to Canada’s Bank of Montreal this year.
 Higher Coupon Italy may increase the guaranteed annual coupon of 115 percent six-year inflation-linked debt being sold to members of the public to take into account “the market volatility in the last few days,” Maria Cannata, head of the Rome-based debt agency, said in an e-mailed statement today.
 The South American nation is the largest producer of mild washed Arabica coffee, sold to roasters and global chains including Starbucks Corp.
 Katoh’s comments run against the conventional automaker wisdom of building cars where they are sold to better suit local tastes, save shipping costs and reduce exposure to foreign exchange risk.
 In the EU’s trading system, permits are allocated for free or sold to about 12,000 factories and utilities that must have enough to cover their carbon discharges or pay fines.
 The bank agreed to pay $885 million in March to settle lawsuits over mortgages it sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and $26 billion in May to resolve a US.
 The mortgages are being held on balance sheets or sold to investment funds as the securitization market has been slow to recover.
 GM Financial, which specializes in loans to people with spotty credit, has disclosed that attorneys general of states it didn’t identify and other government offices are demanding documents on its business of making car loans and pooling them into bonds that are sold to investors.
 While Marchionne has insisted that FCA doesn’t need to raise capital to expand, he said earlier this month that new shares could be sold to bolster the balance sheet.
 The deal includes C$50 million to C$60 million worth of real estate, some of which could be sold to help pay down debt, Postmedia said.
 The company’s $700 million of 825 percent perpetual notes, sold to investors at par in January 2013, are trading at 685 cents on the dollar to yield 12815 percent, BNP Paribas SA prices on Bloomberg show.
 In the past, many software offerings were sold to customers in a licensing model, where clients pay upfront for the right to use the tools for an allotted amount of time.
 As for the new HP Inc, that could eventually be sold to Lenovo Group Ltd, Dell Inc.
 Denver-based FourPoint was formed by the management of Cordillera Energy Partners, which was sold to Apache Corp.
 An earlier Cambridge-based software company he co-founded was sold to Siemens rival General Electric Co.
 With California production mostly sold to in-state refineries, the company has a strong demand base to serve, he said.
 The New York Attorney General’s office is at least the third government agency investigating S&P’s business of grading commercial mortgage-backed securities, in which banks pool loans on properties such as shopping malls, hotels and skyscrapers to create securities that are sold to investors.
 He said Andreessen had made investments in and advised direct competitors of EBay, and had conflicts of interest related to videoconferencing service Skype, which EBay acquired in 2005 and then sold to an investment group in 2009.
 GM Financial, which specializes in loans to people withspotty credit, said in a regulatory filing yesterday thatattorneys general of states it didn’t identify and othergovernment offices are demanding documents related to itsbusiness of making car loans and pooling them into bonds thatare sold to investors.
 The bonds can be sold to investors who receive onlybroad data such as aggregate credit scores and typically lackdetails on the individual loans.
 Overseas funds bought more South Korean equities than they sold today for the first time this month, exchange data show.
 Blackstone then gained an equitystake in the properties sold to Google through a loanrestructuring.
 Schwab pulled the Pimco Total Return Fund, the world’s largest bond fund, from its target-date funds sold to retail investors, spokeswoman Alison Wertheim said in an e-mailed statement.
 Supreme Court has previously held that tribal stores must collect state taxes on cigarettes sold to non-American Indian customers, the appeals court said.
 Prices Slide The company’s $700 million of 825 percent perpetual notes,sold to investors at par in January 2013, traded at 68 cents onthe dollar yesterday, BNP Paribas SA prices on Bloomberg showThey touched 675 cents on Oct.
 Mahaffy, the CEO, has developed two other medical companies that were bought: Pharmion Corp, which was sold to Celgene Corp.
 Blackstone then gained an equitystake in the properties sold to Google through a loanrestructuring.
 “That means if they are to be sold to a private person, they have to be sold by people who are trained in CoCos and know the risks that are tied to them” Danske Bank A/S, Denmark’s largest lender, received offers for 17 times the amount of additional Tier 1 debt it sold back in March.
 Freddie Mac plans to package the smaller loans into bonds to be sold to investors.
 The deal includes C$50 million to C$60 million worth of real estate, some of which could be sold to help pay down the additional debt being taken on to fund the transaction, Postmedia said.
 Verizon’s new 10-year bond was sold to yield 135 basis points, or 135 percentage points, more than similar-maturity Treasuries, Bloomberg data show.
 “It will raise risk awareness among investors about the sector” Bonds Fall Agile’s $700 million of 825 percent perpetual notes, sold to investors at par in January 2013, are trading at 68 cents on the dollar to yield 12906 percent, BNP Paribas SA prices on Bloomberg show.
 Controls over the final destination of small arms sold to such nations are still insufficient, Gabriel has said.
 feedlots buy calves weighing 500 pounds to 800 pounds raised mostly on pastures and then feed them a diet of mostly corn until they reach 1,200 pounds and can be sold to beef plants.
 The stake in the wireless carrier with the most subscribers in South Africa will probably be sold to institutional investors rather than to a private buyer, one of the people said, adding that a deal isn’t imminent.
 Maschmeyer had sued the institution over a 40 million-euro investment in a fund the bank sold to the German businessman, according to Bild.
 As the only two suppliers of the R-1234yf chemical, cooperation between Honeywell and DuPont may have limited supplies of the coolant sold to carmakers and limited technical development, the European Commission said in an e-mailed statement today.
 If, like some of its peers, it booked revenue when chips are sold to distributors, its sales would have appeared larger, Sanghi said in the statement.
 to Perella Weinberg Partners’s CarFinance Capital LLC can be sold to investors who receive only broad data such as aggregate credit scores.
 In 2013, it racked up 3 billion euros in litigation expenses, in part for a 14 billion-euro settlement over claims it didn’t provide adequate disclosure about the risks of mortgage-backed securities sold to government-backed lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac during the US.
 As of mid-September, Frohwein says, he had securitized and sold to investors $270 million of his loans, providing an annual return in the mid-single digits.
 The licenses could be sold to allow state banks to enter Islamic finance, Sabah said.
 The bulk of them were sold to investors as mortgage-backed securities.
 Trafficking has encouraged middlemen to buy crude and smuggle it into Turkey, Jordan or Iraq, where it’s blended with other oil and sold to unsuspecting buyers, according to the report.
 While Marchionne insists FCA, which is saddled with almost 10 billion euros in net debt, doesn’t need to raise capital for the expansion, he’s said new shares could be sold to bolster the balance sheet of the company, which has become dependent on demand in the US.
 City Developments’ S$500 million of bonds due next September and sold to investors at par in August 2010 are trading at 1012 percent of face value, down from 10125 at the end of last year, DBS Bank Ltd.
 It is likely to be sold to another private-equity firm, with the company’s steady cash flow appealing to buyout shops, they said.
 “Rumors are back again on Arabtec” shares being sold to an unknown buyer at 445 dirhams a share, he said.
 The financing for the Miami-basedcompany includes a $675 billion term loan that was sold toinstitutional investors including CLOs.
 “It will raise risk awareness among investors about the sector” Bonds Fall Agile’s $700 million of 825 percent perpetual notes, sold to investors at par in January 2013, are trading at 685 cents on the dollar to yield 12815 percent, BNP Paribas SA prices on Bloomberg show.
 DeFranco parlayed his success as a video blogger into a series of online channels that he sold to Silver Spring, Maryland-based Discovery’s digital networks last year.
 Moelis shares, which were sold to the public at $25 each, have climbed 25 percent since their April 15 debut to close at $3133 today in New York.
 Auxilium Pharmaceuticals One of the companies that canceled an inversion deal this month, Auxilium Pharmaceuticals Inc, instead agreed to be sold to Endo International Plc, which beat the Sept.
 or be sold to Actavis Inc.
 has sold to Australia and Finland, has a low radar cross-section that makes it difficult to detect and is designed to penetrate as far as 200 miles (322 kilometers) into an adversary’s territory.
 One key difference is that IBM has essentially been pursuing a slow-moving breakup for the last decade, divesting assets like its PC business and low-end server unit, which were sold to Lenovo Group Ltd.
 About 143 million shares of the ETF have been borrowed and sold to speculate on declines, the most since June 2012, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The results show STMicro has yet to prove that it can consistently improve profitability after focusing on chips used in more lucrative power-management products, video-game consoles, micro-controllers and sensors sold to the likes of Samsung Electronics Co.
 The oldest-running game shows can be multibillion-dollar franchises when you factor in rights sold to other territories, revenue from advertisers, scratch cards and online gaming offerings, said Paul Telegdy, president of alternative and late-night programming at NBC Universal Television.
 The men were arrested today after being indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of hiding financial links between one of the men -- an associate of the New England Family of La Cosa Nostra criminal group -- and land being sold to Wynn Resorts, federal and state prosecutors in Boston said in a statement.
 Deutsche Bank is a dominant player in the commercial-mortgage bond market where loans on everything from strip malls to skyscrapers are packaged into securities and sold to investors.
 Seattle-based WaMu filed for bankruptcy protection in September 2008 after its banking unit was taken over by regulators and sold to JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 lawsuit over derivatives sold to Kommunale Wasserwerke Leipzig GmbH, with a judge criticizing a “corrupt” deal between a “maverick” bank employee and consultants advising the German water utility.
 Maker Studios was sold to Walt Disney Co.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Pabst Blue Ribbon beer wasn’t sold to a Russian brewer after all.
 sales climbed to 648 million pounds this year as a 37 percent increase from sales of bonds, individual pensions and income drawdown products helped offset a 47 percent slump in individual annuities sold to retirees.
 Bushmills will be sold to Jose Cuervo Overseas in exchange for the half of Tequila Don Julio that Diageo doesn’t already own, London-based Diageo said in a statement today.
 It sold to a private collector in the UK.
 The November 2019 notes scheduled to be sold today traded at 1610 percent in pre-auction trading.
 A bill to create the company for oil exploration and production, with shares to be sold to the public, was approved by the cabinet of the Kurdistan Regional Government, Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvian Barzani said in a statement yesterday.
 After cutting its price for crude sold to the Americans, the worry is Saudi Arabia will choose not to pare production to help balance supplies and boost prices.
 The debt being sold today yielded 0555 percent in pre-auction trading.
 Notes being sold today yielded 099 percent in pre-auction trading.
 Sales of the securities also are being fueled by rules that will require banks to retain some portion of loans that are sold to investors as securities, according to Morgan Stanley’s Hill.
 and others of fixing prices on mobile phone displays sold to its foreign units, was seeking the benefits of US.
 The bond insurer said in its suit that it insured about $567 million worth of mortgage-backed securities sponsored by Credit Suisse’s DLJ Mortgage Capital unit and sold to investors in six offerings between 2006 and 2007.
 The selected outlets would be sold to a newly formed real-estate investment trust, the Hoffman Estates, Illinois-based company said today in a statement.
 The question is not if, but when” Arcil estimates that the average price of a loan sold to ARCs in the year ending March 31 was about 72 percent of the outstanding principal.
 There are 483 trillion yen worth of non-marketable JGBs sold to individuals maturing next year, including securities sold in April 2010 with a coupon of 048 percent.
 ‘Festering’ Situation “Italy’s situation is festering,” said Spinelli, whose company was sold to Boulder, Colorado-based Clovis Oncology Inc.
 Once completed in the second quarter, power from the project will be sold to Jordan’s state-owned National Electric Power Co.
 The selected outlets would be sold to a newly formed real-estate investment trust, the company said in a statement.
 The remaining stores will trade over the festive season, offering discounts in January and closing at the end of that month if they haven’t been sold to other parties, the business-rescue practitioners said.
 1” sold today for almost three times the work’s high estimate of $15 million, the New York-based auction house said in a statement.
 Negotiations over billions of dollars in assetsthat would need to be sold to satisfy the US.
 The lawmakers in a statement questioned whether NHTSA has “the budget or the statutory tools it needs to prevent defective vehicles from being sold to consumers” Civil Fines NHTSA, part of the Transportation Department, issued a rare public advisory last month urging motorists to act with urgency and have Takata air bags replaced in almost 8 million cars recalled by 10 automakers.
 The bank got requests for $83 billion of shares, 23 times the amount sold to Saudi citizens.
 Bank of America Corp, for example, agreed to pay $167 billion in August to resolve federal and state allegations that it sold toxic mortgages.
 The animals weigh 500 pounds (227 kilograms) to 800 pounds and are fattened on corn until they reach 1,300 pounds, when they are sold to meatpackers.
 Bond Auction The 30-year bonds being sold today yielded 3080 percent in pre-auction trading.
 Most of their LNG will be sold to Asian customers at oil-linked prices.
 Danh Vo also gained an auction record for his giant sculpture of copper chains that sold to the dealer Philippe Segalot for $629,000.
 Inkjet Painting An untitled inkjet painting by Wade Guyton from 2006 sold to a lone phone bidder for $46 million, above a low estimate of $4 million.
 Indirect bidders, a category of investors that includes foreign central banks, purchased 50 percent of the notes sold today, compared with an average of 452 percent at the past 10 sales.
 That unit was sold to MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd.
 It plans to offer a 60 percent interest in the refinery to a lead investor and retain a 40 percent stake, part of which would be sold to interested countries, she said.
 In 2003, O’Kelly led an executive buyout of NCB, which was sold to Investec Plc in 2012.
 Revenue at the front of the store, where CVS previously sold tobacco items, fell 45 percent, based on same-store sales.
 District Judge Denise Cote’s decision today echoed one in August in which she said the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which sued over residential mortgage-backed securities sold to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, wasn’t barred by laws limiting the time in which suits must be filed.
 The firm, bailed out twice since 2009, isn’t considering seeking further state aid or converting the securities already sold to the government into stock, Monte Paschi said yesterday in a statement.
 The good news is that converting bonds sold to the government into equity is ruled out, he said.
 Here’s how it works: Advertisers buy Internet spots in ad exchanges, where space is sold to the highest bidder.
 That’s the most machines the Copenhagen-based company has sold to a single plant.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Euro-zone banks may have 128 trillion euros ($159 trillion) in loans eligible to be packaged and sold to investors, freeing up money to lend, according to Credit Suisse Group AG analysts.
 Closely-held AR Capital currently has about 10 products being sold to investors including the New York City REIT and a hotel REIT.
 Brazil sold today the equivalent of $1979 million of currency swaps under a program authorized through year-end to support the real and limit import price increases and rolled over contracts worth $4903 million.
 Bidder Participation Indirect bidders, a class of investors that includes foreign central banks, purchased 357 percent of the notes sold today, the least since July, compared with an average of 321 percent for the past 10 sales.
 The electricity and associated renewable-energy credits from the plant will be sold to Cobb Electric Membership Corp, Flint Electric Membership Corp.
 has sold to countries flush with oil.
 Electricity produced by the ground-mounted photovoltaic plant will be sold to Rocky Mountain Power, a utility owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc’s energy unit.
 When complete, the projects will be sold to SunEdison’s project holding company TerraForm Power Inc.
 “Rome, From Mount Aventine,” a nearly 200-year-old landscape of the Italian city viewed from Aventine Hill looking north, sold today at Sotheby’s in London, setting an auction record for the artist.
 His mother tried to buy canned tomatoes from a wholesaler, who waved her off, saying he only sold to other vendors and that she could buy what she needed at a shop down the street.
 The five-year notes due to be sold today yielded 1675 percent in pre-auction trading.
 Contingent convertible debt is also being sold to fill Tier 2 buffers.
 Older movies are sold to basic cable and broadcast networks.
 “Rome, From Mount Aventine,” an 1835 landscape of the Italian capital viewed from the Aventine Hill looking north, sold today at Sotheby’s in London, setting an auction record for the artist.
 Hankook’s participation also reduces the likelihood of Halla Climate being sold to “hostile entities” in future, he said.
 The Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, or TIPS, sold today yielded 0395 percent, compared with an average forecast of 0385 percent in a survey of six primary dealers.
 The airports sold today handled a combined 125 million passengers last year, compared with 724 million at Heathrow, the world’s third-busiest hub after Atlanta and Beijing.
 It also reduced prices for all grades sold to US.
 In some cases, a store would register a sale to a supplier of the same goods the vendor had previously sold to Wal-Mart -- but the goods didn’t go anywhere, according to Lin.
 In the past, many software offerings were sold to customers in a licensing model, where clients pay upfront for the right to use the tools for an allotted amount of time.
 Another seven MM82 machines were sold to the New Albion wind farm in Northamptonshire being developed by John Laing Plc.
 The shares were sold to big investors at 834 rupees versus a floor price of 83 rupees.
 He left three years before it was sold to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc, to form Avolon.
 Oh last month resigned from the board of oil and gas producer EP Energy Corp, which Apollo bought in 2012 for more than $7 billion, and he was on the board of Athlon Energy Inc, which was sold to Encana Corp.
 Solar power produced at the station will be sold to Chugoku Electric Power Co.
 The result was overcharges of 75 percent on iPods sold to retail customers and 23 percent on iPods sold to resellers for total damages of almost $352 million, Sweeney said in court filings.
 Coleman, who founded the REIT’s predecessor company, is the co-founder and former president of Arden Realty Inc, which was sold to a unit of General Electric Co.
 Two plus two equals five” Blackstone owns about 50 million square feet of office space in the US, including the properties being sold to Hudson Pacific, said Frank Cohen, a senior managing director at the firm.
 The share of homes sold to first-time buyers hit its lowest level since 1987, the National Association of Realtors reported in November, as factors such as soaring student debt and delayed marriages depressed purchases by younger buyers.
(Bloomberg) -- Russia’s unfolding crisis upended the 20 biggest international bond funds sold to individuals in Japan yesterday, raising doubts about whether investment managers will be able to secure fresh cash in the near term.
