 Larger rival State Farm, owned by policyholders, has been selling offices to free capital as it focuses on car insurance.
 
 Regulators pressed Co-Operative Group, which has businesses ranging from supermarkets to funeral parlors, to close the capital shortfall at the bank following the failure of its bid for more than 600 branches owned by Lloyds Banking Group Plc, a deal that would have more than doubled its number of outlets.
 6 it signed contracts worth 282 billion yuan ($47 billion) to sell bullet trains to state-owned China Railway Corp.
 China’s state-owned asset regulator approved China CNR’s Hong Kong listing plan “in principle,” the trainmaker said in a statement on Jan.
 30 from a year ago, according to state-owned researcher graingovcn.
 
 
 
 Villagers are opposed to any mining plan in the Mahan coal block as it would take away their livelihood, Priya Pillai, a campaigner for Greenpeace, who was part of a sit-down protest outside Ruia-owned Essar Group’s Mumbai headquarters, said in an interview.
 
 It’s signed by “The Group of 6 Telkom Whistle-blowers/employees” Telkom, which is 40-percent-owned by South Africa’s government, is struggling to revive revenue in a country that has leapfrogged fixed-line technology in favor of smartphone devices that are driving a boom in data usage across Africa.
 Commercial-property loans and real estate-owned sales reached 337 billion euros ($46 billion) during the year, up 47 percent from 2012.
 Trade Secrets/Industrial Espionage City-Owned Casino Director’s Pay Justification Called a Secret Mystique Casino, a city-owned gambling establishment in Dubuque, Iowa, refused to provide justification for its chief executive’s pay, claiming it is a trade secret, the Des Moines Register reported.
 ports costs more than international voyages in part because a 94-year-old law called the Jones Act requires domestic cargoes to travel on US-built, -owned and - crewed vessels.
 
 Regulators last month gave licenses for commercial 4G service to the nation’s three state-owned carriers, including China Mobile Ltd, the world’s largest phone company by users.
 7 to buy the Chicago branches of Charter One Bank owned by RBS Citizens Financial Group.
 The Houston-based company is co-owner of the Sam Houston Race Park horse track in Houston and a greyhound track in Harlingen, Texas, according to 
 
 
 The government has struggled for more than a decade to keep power expensive enough for investor-owned generators such as Iberdrola SA and cheap enough for owners of businesses and households that vote and have no alternative to regulated rates.
 The National Association of Realtors is forecast to say on the same day sales of previously owned homes rose 06 percent last month following a 43 percent drop in November.
 A brokerage venture owned by Mitsubishi UFJ and Morgan Stanley topped Japan’s M&A rankings in 2013.
 
 At its opening in December 1961, Shaw Studios was the world’s largest privately owned film-production outfit, with about 1,200 workers shooting and editing films around the clock.
 
 RBS is Britain’s largest state-owned bank, while Barclays ranks as the UK’s second-largest bank by assets.
 Apollo, the New York-based buyout firm run by Leon Black, last year agreed to buy Evo Banco from nationalized lender NCG Banco and FinanMadrid from state-owned Bankia group.
 
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group LLC, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, agreed to pay $25 million to settle US.
 Ecuador’s state-owned Tame Linea Aerea suspended indefinitely all of its seven weekly flights from Caracas today because of payment delays, the company said in a statement.
 
 Lansdowne owned 14 million shares of Dublin-based Ryanair, Europe’s largest discount carrier, as of the end of the third quarter, according to regulatory filings.
  Corinthian Colleges Inc; ITT Educational Services Inc; and Career Education Corp.
 Education Management, which is 43 percent owned by New York-based Goldman Sachs, slid 85 percent to $794 at the close in New York.
 Exxon’s majority-owned Canadian subsidiary, Imperial Oil Ltd, said profit declined to C$1056 billion ($946 million), or C$124 a share, from C$1076 billion, or C$126, a year earlier.
 24 to buy a 5001 percent stake held by family-owned investment firm Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH for 23 euros a share, and began an offer for the rest.
 The Rousseff administration in October awarded Libra development rights to a group including state-run Petroleo Brasileiro SA, Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Total SA, and two Chinese state-owned companies, the China National Petroleum Corp.
 Companies owned by billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, as well as Russia’s OAO Uralchem, bought 47 percent of Uralkali from billionaire Suleiman Kerimov and his partners after Belarus President Aleksandr Lukashenko demanded new ownership as a condition for talks about restoring joint marketing.
 agreed about a week after he started at Telkom, which is 40 percent owned by the South African government and 11 percent held by the Public Investment Corp, the company that manages state pensions.
 He started at Vodacom Group, majority-owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, in September 2011 and left less than a year later following complaints about his conduct on a US.
 mid-sized companies owned by private-equity firms, London-based Barclays said today in a statement.
 The BlueBay Direct Lending Fund raised more than 800 million euros ($1 billion) in May, exceeding a target of 500 million euros, the money manager owned by Royal Bank of Canada said at the time.
 
 Ikea Group owned 303 stores in 26 countries at Aug.
 Tweed plans to get a listing on the TMX Group Ltd’s TSX Venture Exchange by taking over a ticker owned by LW Capital Pool Inc, Linton said, a transaction outlined in a Jan.
 Fitch downgraded VTB’s rating to BBB- today in a statement that said there is a “marginally lower” chance the state will support the lender than other state-owned banks OAO Sberbank and Vnesheconombank.
 Santee Cooper, South Carolina’s state-owned electric and water utility, has no plans to divest more of the VC.
 
 
 The 93 megawatts of projects are owned by French developer Voltalia SA, local utility Cia.
 Wing Hang’s presence across southern China’s Pearl River Delta makes it a more attractive target than other smaller family-owned banks in the city, Grace Wu, an analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Ltd, said by phone on Sept.
 Paladin climbed 09 percent to 565 Australian cents at the close in Sydney, after rising as much as 17 percent following the deal with the Chinese state-owned operator of atomic plants.
 The breakup Loeb is suggesting would allow a more focused management team at the petrochemical spinoff to make operational and cost improvements, according to Todd Lowenstein, a Los Angeles-based fund manager at HighMark Capital Management Inc, which oversees about $17 billion and has owned Dow stock in the past.
An entity owned by Charlie Ergen,chairman of Dish Network Corp.
 Another big winner from the acquisition is Fadell, who declined to say how much of the company he owned.
 “If we as MTN aren’t able to continue investing, the implications for the industry going forward are an Eskom-type outcome where there’s rolling blackouts of the network,” Bulbulia said, referring to the state-owned energy company that’s struggling to meet demand for electricity.
 “From a risk management standpoint, it’s good to go ahead and test the waters every once in a while, and you should expect that we’ll probably be doing that in the next few quarters” Most of the loans are held by private investors and weren’t originated or owned by Wells Fargo, according to the statement.
 Manchester City, which is owned by Abu Dhabi’s Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, improved one place to sixth, Deloitte said, citing Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways as “the centerpiece of its commercial success” Turkey’s Galatasaray and Fenerbahce rose to 16th and 18th, respectively, becoming the first teams from outside leagues in England, Germany, Spain, Italy and France to enter the top 20 since the 2005-06 season.
 
 Tata Power Co, the nation’s biggest non-state-owned generator, lost 42 percent, the biggest loss in six months.
 7 report from Green Street Advisors Inc, a Newport Beach, California-based research firm that tracks values of properties owned by REITs.
 In Ergen’s most recent move last week, the company said it’s dropping a $22 billion offer to acquire airwaves owned by the bankrupt LightSquared Inc.
 Sete Brasil was created by seven companies, including BancoBradesco SA, Banco Santander SA and BTG, to commission theconstruction of and acquire oil rigs for state-owned oil companyPetrobras.
 The state-owned power generator will use the five-year facility to refinance debt and for general purposes, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private.
 Strategy Review Morrison in September said it planned a financial strategy review and may seek to unlock some cash from its stores, 90 percent of which are owned entirely by the company.
 “If monetary policy remains tight, it will result in more debt defaults, starting from private enterprises or regional state-owned companies” Jilin Cheng Cheng Group Co.
 
 The company, owned 90 percent by the federal government, said yesterday it will pay an interim dividend of 29 rupees a share, or 1832 billion rupees ($3 billion), for this fiscal year, pushing the dividend yield to 10 percent from 484 percent.
 The finance ministry expects to raise 150 billion rupees selling shares in state-owned companies for the year ending March 31, less than half its targeted amount.
 27 ruling, according to the state-owned China Daily.
 So he stole it from DuPont Co, the world’s largest producer of the pigment, and gave it to a Chinese state-owned company for $28 million in contracts, Assistant US.
 International Business Machines Corp’s China revenue fell after state-owned companies delayed orders of servers and mainframes.
 technology is largely absent from devices on China Mobile Ltd’s network because the state-owned carrier deployed a related system it said was developed locally.
 Kingfisher Airlines Ltd, owned by liquor baron Vijay Mallya, was the only Indian company to have ordered the A380.
 Newmont’s minority-owned Indonesian unit will continue talks with government officials to resolve the issue “while also considering other remedies, including possible legal action,” the company said.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- The London Metal Exchange, the world’s largest metals bourse, accepted the first Chinese-owned broker to trade on its floor, joining JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Lenders were asked by the ECB to provide details of their commercial lending into categories for project finance, shipping, aviation, state-owned enterprises, real estate, large corporates and larger small and medium-sized enterprises, according to the document.
 and Canadian companies in 2007 following the nationalization by the Venezuelan government of heavy-oil operations owned by companies including Exxon Mobil Corp.
 “They should tell us there’s something wrong with our tax system when it’s more valuable to be foreign-owned than US- owned” Two months after Actavis announced the reincorporation to Ireland, Gilbert, the Bank of America analyst, asked on a conference call if Bisaro could comment on the “tax rate land grab that is going on” “Unfortunately we have a tax structure in the United States that’s putting companies in the US.
 airports owned by MAG to four, creating a third major operator alongside Heathrow Ltd.
 The Higashi-Ohgishima terminal, owned by Tokyo Electric Power Co, has a capacity of 1428 million metric tons a year and receives long-term shipments from Indonesia, Malaysia, Qatar, Australia, Oman, Abu Dhabi, Brunei and Russia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Tame, Copa Gustavo Vargas, a spokesman for Panama City-based Copa, said in an e-mailed response to questions that the company is working closely with airline associations and the Venezuelan government “to better understand the consequences of the new regulations and, in particular, how we will function from now on” Ecuador’s state-owned Tame Linea Aerea suspended indefinitely all of its seven weekly flights from Caracas today because of payment delays, the company said in a statement.
 Workers represented by the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union must report for duty at AngloGold’s South African operations and mines owned by Sibanye Gold Ltd.
 Preliminary results of Pacific’s Synchronized Thermal Additional Recovery technology, or STAR, are tracking below a threshold for additional recovery rates set by state-owned Ecopetrol SA, Ana Maria Silva, head of mining and energy at the comptroller’s office, said in a Jan.
 Pacific, Latin American’s largest non-state-owned producer, is counting on the patented technology to help convince Ecopetrol to renew a license for operating the Rubiales oil field, Colombia’s biggest.
 Minsheng Banking, the nation’s first privately owned bank, climbed 26 percent to 738 yuan.
 Huaxia Bank, partly owned by Deutsche Bank AG, gained 11 percent to 834 yuan.
 
 “We followed every procedure of the tender and the coal quality was testified at various levels by renowned testing agencies,” Bhatia said.
 The maker of the 4C sports car, owned by Italy’s Fiat SpA, tied up with local gay organizations and began sponsoring gay film festivals and pride events, where it hands out red Alfa Romeo condoms.
 “If Facebook isn’t a teen product, then the teens are using Instagram, which is also owned by Facebook, so I think the fear is a little exaggerated,” said Eric Steiman, who owns Facebook in a portfolio of $55 million at Covestor Ltd.
 Shares of Franshion, the property unit of state-owned Sinochem Group, were unchanged at HK$257 at the close of trading in Hong Kong today.
 
 and iron-ore miner Sesa Goa Ltd, both owned by Agarwal, to form Sesa Sterlite took effect in August.
 
 “You know that we sting, sting him more because he has been a pain in the a--e” O’Connor, who no longer works at JPMorgan, said in an e-mail yesterday that the passages “appear to reflect a frustration at being asked to implement redundant deal features, and the possible cost of that, the internal politics as to which groups (or regional offices) of JPMorgan felt they owned a product or client, and the unlikelihood of finding another bank willing to interpose itself at a low price cost” O’Connor didn’t propose the deal for approval, he said in the e-mail.
 The Labour leader expects the review would lead to the breakup of lenders including Lloyds and state-owned Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc.
 The company is about 24 percent owned by Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo! Inc.
 The company’s special contract with state-owned utility Electricite de France SA is under threat as the European Commission seeks to pry open France’s electricity market.
 
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Marriott International Inc’s luxury Edition brand will open a second location in New York, at a property in the Times Square area owned by a partnership that also agreed to refinance the debt on the project.
 Roosevelt will be the first wind farm in New Mexico built and owned by EDF, which yesterday said it bought a 194-megawatt wind farm in Texas from Cielo Wind Power LP.
 
 Such specialty items have lured customers to these designers and others owned by N Brown Group Plc, the Internet and catalog home-shopping company whose shares have increased more than 50 percent over the past 12 months.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group LLC, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, reported seven days of trading losses in the fiscal fourth quarter, an increase from one day a year earlier.
 (AAPL)’s iPhone and Samsung Electronics Co’s Galaxy family, islargely absent from devices on China Mobile Ltd’s network,because the state-owned carrier deployed a related system itsaid was developed locally.
 LightSquared has a plan to reorganize as a stand-alone company, while an ad hoc group of its lenders seeks to sell off its main wireless spectrum assets in an auction led by a $222 billion bid from an entity owned by Charlie Ergen, chairman of LightSquared rival Dish Network Corp.
 The business was previously owned by insurance brokerage and risk-management company Marsh & McLennan Cos.
 Petroleos Mexicanos Petroleos Mexicanos, Mexico’s state-owned oil company, plans to raise $4 billion, offering dollar-denominated bonds due in five, 10 and 30 years as soon as today, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction.
 Setting up a vehicle majority-owned by Austrian banks, similar to Ireland’s National Asset Management Agency, could avoid adding the assets to Austria’s debt stock under the EU’s Maastricht debt rules.
 A purely state-owned bad bank, like Germany’s FMS Wertmanagement AoeR, would push the country’s debt levels beyond 80 percent of gross domestic product.
 16, Turkish regulators said they’d fined oil refiner Tupras Turkiye Petrol Rafinerileri AS, which is owned by the country’s largest industrial group, Koc Holding AS, 412 million liras ($185 million) for breaching competition rules.
 The government also intends to tap another state-owned company, NMDC Ltd, for 25 billion rupees via a special dividend or share buyback, and sell half of its 21 percent stake in Axis Bank Ltd.
 The officials said the Finance Ministry expects to raise only 150 billion rupees of the targeted 400 billion rupees from the sale of shares in state-owned companies for the year ending March 2014.
 In the US, applications for unemployment benefits rose in the latest week while purchases of previously-owned homes climbed less in December than projected.
 He had owned a stake in Fortune Brands, which also sold Titleist golf gear, Moen faucets and Master Lock padlocks, and pushed the company to break up, leading to the split.
 The bank, majority owned by a shareholder pool including the founding family, opened its deritrade platform to third parties in 2012.
 coalition government had agreed to further the interests of mutual, customer-owned lenders, Levene said.
 “Lone Survivor,” a military drama also released by Comcast Corp-owned Universal, fell to second place with $264 million in US.
 “We need to ensure that we get the most cooperative relationship we can between state-owned companies, the government, publicly-listed companies like Telkom and the private sector” The government will set up a broadband council within the next 10 days to help develop the proposed partnership between public and private sector entities, which will help avoid the duplication of infrastructure, Carrim said.
 “It’s not a state-owned company.
 We can’t intrude or intervene in the way we could with a state-owned company but our understanding is that they are being prudent about managing this process” Telkom, which has had five leaders since 2007, is struggling to revive revenue in a country that has leapfrogged fixed-line technology in favor of smartphone devices that are driving a boom in data usage across Africa.
 Since his fall, Egypt has sent back some of the money, and arrested journalists from the Qatar-owned Al Jazeera television channel.
 24 to buy a 5001 percent stake held by family-owned investment firm Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH for 23 euros a share, and began an offer for the rest.
 The forecast raised concerns about Motorola Solutions’ growth strategy three years after its split from Motorola Mobility -- the mobile-phone maker that is now owned by Google Inc.
 Separate data showed that contracts to purchase previously owned homes in the US.
 
 The choice is between a vehicle that’s wholly state-owned or one that brings other banks on board, Hypo Alpe Chairman Klaus Liebscher has said.
 The liabilities of a state-owned bad bank, like Germany’s FMS Wertmanagement AoeR, would be added to the Austrian government’s debt, pushing it beyond 80 percent of gross domestic product.
 ‘Budget Cosmetics’ Setting up a vehicle majority-owned by Austrian banks, similar to Ireland’s National Asset Management Agency, would avoid that complication, according to the European Union’s Maastricht debt rules.
 Wang Pingyan initially owned 90 percent of Zhenfu, according to the documents, while his father Wang Yusuo held 10 percent.
 Expanding crude exports would take cargoes away from tankers shuttling between domestic ports, which have to be US- built, owned and crewed under a 1920 federal law called the Jones Act.
 SCOR SE lost 12 percent after Les Echos reported the French reinsurer may take control of Mutre Reinsurer, which is owned by Scor, Matmut and a group of 14 shareholders connected to La Mutualite Francaise.
 didn’t infringe a patent owned by Google Inc’s Motorola Mobility unit over mobile-phone technology, a US.
 Output Slump OPEC’s ninth-largest producer pumped oil last year at the lowest level since 2003 as concerns about terror attacks on petroleum facilities, corruption probes at the state-owned Sonatrach energy group and delays in exploration for new reserves hampered projects to bring new crude on stream.
 The bank used the funds to set up an airline and other businesses owned by its founder.
 Development work on the anti-ship missile system was entrusted to MBDA, which is owned by Airbus Group NV, BAE, and Italy’s Finmeccanica SpA.
 criminal and civil probes, after a unit admitted paying tens of millions of dollars in bribes to members of Bahrain’s royal family and officials at a state-owned company to win business.
 Alcoa World Alumina LLC, a majority-owned unit that supplies the raw material used by smelters to make aluminum, pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court in Pittsburgh to violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
 The Alcoa unit hired a consultant in 1989 at the request of Bahraini government officials who controlled contracting at state-owned Aluminium Bahrain BSC, known as Alba, according to court filings.
 Alcoa World Alumina is a unit of a joint venture that is 60 percent owned by Alcoa and 40 percent owned by Alumina Ltd.
 In the case, the first in Germany to put management board members on trial for overpaying for an acquisition, prosecutors claim the executives at state-owned BayernLB rushed the deal.
 of Maharashtra, the state-owned agency that’s overseeing work on a second airport for the city.
 The governor, renowned on Google Inc’s YouTube for unscripted outbursts, said he hadn’t set the tone for intimidation within his administration.
 Litigation Ergen Group May Drop LightSquared Bid, Lenders’ Lawyer Says An entity owned by Charlie Ergen, chairman of Dish Network Corp, may withdraw its $222 billion offer to buy the wireless spectrum of Philip Falcone’s LightSquared Inc.
 Tata Power Co, the nation’s largest non-state-owned generator, slumped 34 percent, the most in three months.
 buy a stake in state-owned Dong Energy A/S after resistance to the deal prompted one of the ruling coalition’s three parties to quit.
 “Parliament has today made sure that one of our biggest companies now can make substantial investments rather than scaling back” ‘Good Contract’ Corydon, a member of the premier’s Social Democrat party, fought off opposition to the deal from voters, unions and lawmakers, who said Dong should be owned by Danish investors.
 
 Beijing Jinrong Xinxing Properties Co, 913 percent owned by Longfor, bought the 128,383-square-meter (138 million square-foot) plot from Hangzhou’s municipal land bureau, according to a filing to Hong Kong’s stock exchange yesterday.
 Retailers that may be hesitant to use PayPal because it’s owned by their competitor could choose to adopt the service if PayPal were independent, Ryan Jacob said in a phone interview.
 The government plans to sell its 1719-billion rupee stake in billionaire Anil Agarwal-owned Hindustan Zinc Ltd, according to Commerce Minister Anand Sharma.
 said it will step up inspections on suppliers in China after state-owned broadcaster CCTV said the retailer uses unlicensed suppliers and fox DNA was found in meat it sold as donkey.
 Zions owned $12 billion of bank-issued TruPS CDOs as of Sept.
 Cairn India sells crude at rates linked to Brent oil prices, unlike state-owned Oil & Natural Gas Corp, which is required to bear part of the country’s fuel subsidy.
 Zions said it amended its guidance after regulators clarified the rule earlier this month to give “grandfathering” protection to some TruPS CDOs that banks already owned.
 Zions owned $12 billion of bank-issued trust-preferred CDOs as of Sept.
 Credit-default swaps protecting Toy “R” Us debt rose to 1,515 basis points yesterday from as low as 567 basis points in May, according to prices compiled by data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Financial Inc.
 
 The remaining portion is largely owned by private investors.
 Ownership Changes In the first five years the privately owned airline will build a fleet of four leased or owned single-aisle aircraft, starting with a Boeing Co.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- 
 Of the 12 Boeing 767s operated by Ethiopian, three are owned and the rest is leased.
 6, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Lenders owned by Blackstone, Colony and Cerberus Capital Management LP are offering smaller landlords debt they plan to package into securities as soon as this year, Stark said.
 didn’t infringe a patent owned by Google Inc’s Motorola Mobility unit over mobile-phone technology, a US.
 
 7 to buy the Chicago branches of Charter One Bank owned by RBS Citizens Financial Group.
 It also lends extensively to state-owned enterprises.
 “Investment in government-led projects or state-owned enterprises tend to be less efficient, and there may be overcapacity because of government intervention,” said Hu.
 “It’s ineffective and produces inconsistent performance” Elements Financial’s Emanuel, who has owned a variety of Pimco funds over the years, isn’t bothered by the 2013 numbers.
 It was formerly owned by Francesco De Simone Niquesa, a Rome-based lawyer who advised the movie star Sophia Loren.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Kingdom Holding Co, owned by Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said fourth-quarter profit gained 10 percent as the value of its investments rose.
 didn’t properly inspect products it purchased in China, leading to fox DNA being found in meat sold as donkey, the state-owned radio broadcaster reported, citing the provincial food regulator.
 Revel, owned by a group of hedge funds that assumed ownership after the bankruptcy last year, has struggled without a connection to a larger organization.
 Hard Rock International, owned by Florida’s Seminole tribe, is among the companies interested in making an offer for Revel, the New York Post reported in December.
 Contracts protecting against Caesars default for five years increased 05 percentage point to 544 percent upfront as of 9:29 am, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 “The division is known to be very careful and very judicious, and has a solid reputation for protecting not just the industry but the players as well” The casinos owned by the company -- Caesars, Harrah’s, Ballys and Showboat -- accounted for 41 percent of the Atlantic City gambling market in December, according to Bloomberg Industries research.
 The utility is spending 500 billion rand ($459 billion) to replace aging equipment and build new plants to avoid a repeat of 2008 blackouts that halted mines, including those owned by companies such as Anglo American Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd, for five days and paralyzed factories in the continent’s biggest economy.
 Menatep owned about 40 percent of Yukos.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Dish Network Corp’s motion to drop its $22 billion offer for airwaves owned by LightSquared Inc.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Havas SA, the French advertising agency partly-owned by billionaire Vincent Bollore, said David Jones is standing down as chief executive to start his own company.
 Closely held Bupa will also purchase a 49 percent stake in Highway to Health Inc, a company owned by the Blue Cross plans that sells global insurance products.
 In one example, a power plant owned by Datang International Power Generation Co.
 The White House is working with Republicans and Democrats in the Senate on legislation to replace Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a government-owned reinsurer of mortgage bonds backed by private capital.
 Seibu Listing Seibu Holdings Inc, part-owned by Cerberus, plans to list on the Tokyo bourse as early as April, three people familiar with the matter said last week.
 Picower, whom Picard called the biggest beneficiary of Madoff’s scheme, had a heart attack and drowned in a pool in Florida in October 2009.
 In addition to Penn West, assets owned by Renegade Petroleum Ltd.
 are viable, beginning with one that would sell most of its assets to an entity owned by Dish Network Corp.
 Nexteer Automotive Corp, the Chinese-owned maker of the current F-150’s steering column, was scheduled to begin production of its Rack Assist Electric Power Steering system for the redesigned pickup in April of this year, according to a presentation to its direct material suppliers in September 2013.
 Odigeo, owned by Permira Advisers LLP and Ardian, the private-equity firm formerly known as AXA Private Equity, may be valued at about 15 billion euros ($2 billion), said one of the people, asking not to be named because the details aren’t public.
 6, Chinese regulators said the donkey contamination stemmed from Wal-Mart’s failure to properly inspect products purchased in China, according to the state-owned radio broadcaster.
 
 had the biggest weekly gain after the Supreme Court overruled a Bombay High Court order that plots of land owned by the company in Mumbai were a “private forest” ICICI Bank Ltd.
 Rupee Drops Rural Electrification, a state-owned lender to power projects, plans a 5 billion rupee, five-year sale at a coupon of 963 percent, according to people familiar with the matter.
 The bank’s presence across southern China’s Pearl River Delta makes it a more attractive target than other smaller family-owned banks in the city, Grace Wu, an analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Ltd, said in September.
 International Entertainment is 75 percent controlled by Mediastar International Ltd, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Cheng Yu-tung family, according to a Hong Kong stock exchange filing last year.
 It’s owned by Nuclear Management Partners Ltd, a group including Areva SA, Amec Plc and URS Corp.
 “The Tower book of business will further establish AmTrust as a market leader in the small commercial insurance business” National General ACP Re Ltd, the company purchasing Tower, is owned by a trust established by AmTrust’s founder, according to today’s statement.
 The employee-owned chain, named the UK’s best retailer in three award ceremonies last year, said online orders rose 23 percent and accounted for almost a third of revenue.
 Smaller Formats Of the stores being closed, two are owned by JC.
 The manufacturer, owned by Volkswagen AG, is targeting 2 million annual deliveries amid plans to beat global premium-segment leader Bayerische Motoren Werke AG by the end of the decade.



 
 Production at De Beers, a gem producer owned by Anglo, jumped 13 percent in the fourth quarter to 91 million carats.
 The largest mining deal closed in October, when Russia’s state-owned nuclear company Rosatom Corp.
 1, SB Energy Corp, the wholly owned renewable subsidiary of Tokyo-based SoftBank, said in a statement today.
 When the NSE sought clarification from billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries regarding a newspaper report that the owner of the world’s largest refining complex was looking to buy a stake owned by Petroliam Nasional Bhd in a $20-billion Venezuela venture, the company said Jan.
 Russia’s state-owned natural gas export monopoly is suspected of abusing its dominant market power to impose unfair prices in central and eastern Europe by linking what it charges for long-term natural gas contracts to oil prices and of preventing gas from being traded between countries, the EU said when it started the probe in September 2012.
 Beer was mainly used for “poktanju,” or bomb shots, in which Korean soju or rice wine is tipped into a glass of beer and downed in one go, said Kim, who opened Vaneheim in a two-story brick building in the primarily residential district of Nowon-gu in 2004.
 The gauge is set for an 183 basis-point monthly jump, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Chairman and Managing Director Teo Kee Bock, who pioneered Super’s combination of coffee, creamer and sweetener in one sachet, and two other founding directors owned about 33 percent of the shares as of March 2013, according to the company’s 2012 annual report.
 The two brands are owned by Mumbai-based Tata Motors Ltd.
 30 of last year, the fund owned bonds with a face value of $177 million, according to Bloomberg data.
 The CBI, based in London, and PwC surveyed 87 banks, insurers, customer-owned lenders, investment managers and securities firms from Nov.
 A high-speed crash killed 40 people in 2011, prompting the government to disband the railway ministry and hand its operations to 100 percent state-owned China Railway Corp.
 have a duopoly on building for the network and are majority owned by separate government bodies.
 Maynilad, owned by Metro Pacific Investments Corp, and listed Manila Water Co.
 The agency’s approval would follow a three-month review of plans to mandate that certain types of trades be conducted on swap execution facilities, or Sefs, including those owned by Javelin Capital Markets LLC and trueEX LLC.
 Other Platforms The agency has also received proposals to make interest-rate and credit swaps available to trade on platforms owned by MarketAxess Holdings Inc, Tradeweb Markets LLC and Bloomberg LP, parent of Bloomberg News.
 Kogas, as the state-owned company is known, is seeking three spot cargoes to be delivered by March, an official said on Dec.
 Best Buy Swaps Credit swaps of Best Buy Co, the world’s largest consumer-electronics retailer, jumped 595 basis points to 295 basis points, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 CTC is co-owned by Yury Kovalchuk, a billionaire ally of President Vladimir Putin.
 
 “The sale of this trophy asset marks another step forward in Starwood’s pursuit of an asset-light strategy as we look to sell owned real estate at the right time to the right owners,” Simon Turner, president of global development, said in the statement.
 Lowell and another Fidelity watcher, John Bonnanzio, said the selection of a successor will lie chiefly with Abigail Johnson, president of the family-owned firm since August 2012, allowing her to cement control.
 The company is owned by Neymar’s parents, according to a company registry filing in Sao Paulo.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Coface SA, the French credit insurer owned by investment bank Natixis SA, is working with its parent and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 State-owned KazMunaiGaz National Co.
 Folha de SPaulo newspaper reported that the state-owned oil company may increase fuel prices before June to avoid contributing to inflation during President Dilma Rousseff’s re-election campaign, without revealing sources.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Peru probably will choose Tecnicas Reunidas SA for a $27 billion contract to build an oil refinery for state-owned Petroleos del Peru SA, the country’s Finance Minister Miguel Castilla said.
 The component maker is part owned by Toyota Motor.
 Denso Corp, Toyota’s biggest supplier and part-owned by the automaker, partnered with Sharp Corp.
 The company, partly owned by Norway’s Telenor ASA, is struggling to reduce spending and boost profitability to help cut $276 billion of gross debt stemming from the acquisition of telecommunications assets, including in Italy and Algeria, from Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris in 2011.
 ICBC may need to assume most of the responsibility for bailing out investors because it’s the custodian and distributor, the government-owned newspaper said.
 China Credit Trust, whose largest shareholder is the state-owned People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Ltd, sold its product with an indicated annual rate of return of 95 percent to 11 percent for different tranches of investors, according to a sales document.
 The online service already airs documentaries and foreign movies from closely held Weinstein, the New York-based studio owned by brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein.
 Statoil operates at both In Amenas and In Salah in ventures with BP Plc and Algeria’s state-owned Sonatrach energy group.
 SAC, which is shutting down its investment advisory business after pleading guilty to securities fraud, owned almost 1 million shares of the biotechnology company as of Nov.
 SAC owned 51 percent of Intercept as of Nov.
 OrbiMed Advisors LLC, a New York firm that invests exclusively in health care, owned 9 percent of the shares as of Nov.
 mutual fund firm, owned 12 percent as of Sept.
 P&G and competitor Schick, which is owned by Energizer Holdings Inc, also have to contend with upstart razor sellers such as Dollar Shave Club, which sells blade subscriptions for as little as $1 a month.
 17th St, adjacent buildings between Seventh and Eighth avenues owned by Savanna, the real estate investor said today in a statement.
 By partnering with a leading state owned enterprise, YGE should be able to significantly expand its downstream business” Yingli won an order to provide 233 megawatts of solar panels to projects in Algeria, it said in a statement Dec.
 It’s a game changer” More than half the company’s shares are owned by Milan-based Genextra SpA, a closely held firm that specializes in drug research, and three investment firms.
 TenPay, a payment provider owned by Tencent Holdings Ltd, also halted service with the exchange.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Ltd, a real estate unit of Chinese state-owned Greenland Holding Group Co, said it may create a venture to develop land it bought in Shanghai last month for 595 billion yuan ($983 million).
 The online game producer that’s partly owned by SoftBank Corp.
 Mulally, 68, owned 2178 million common shares as of Feb.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Air Berlin Plc, the German airline part owned by Persian Gulf carrier Etihad Airways PJSC, raised the volume of an existing bond to reduce interest costs ahead of a transaction that it says will improve earnings.
 Transnet SOC Ltd, the state-owned ports and rail operator, says it more than doubled its spending on education between 2010 and 2013, to 864 million rand in the 12 months through last March.
 The hedge fund owned almost 1 million Intercept shares as of Nov.
 It raised its holding to 601,100 shares by the end of the third quarter and owned 988,097 shares, or 51 percent, according to a Nov.
 Fidelity owned 12 percent of Intercept as of Sept.
 The firm, which manages about $9 billion in public and private investments worldwide, according to its website, owned 9 percent of Intercept as of Nov.
 Sunset, which once owned the land where the office complex sits, and New York-based MetLife, the largest US.
 “The time to invest in Palestinian stocks is now” As many as four family-owned businesses may opt to sell shares in initial public offerings if political leaders strike an accord, Aweidah said.
 Telkom, which is 40 percent owned by South Africa’s government, may fire almost a third of its workforce as it seeks to cut costs and revive revenues, Maseko said.
 Revel, owned by a group of hedge funds that assumed ownership after the bankruptcy last year, has struggled without a connection to a larger organization.
 Hard Rock International, owned by Florida’s Seminole tribe, is among the companies interested in making an offer for Revel, the New York Post reported in December.
 Contracts protecting against Caesars default for five years increased 05 percentage point to 544 percent upfront as of 9:29 am, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 “The division is known to be very careful and very judicious, and has a solid reputation for protecting not just the industry but the players as well” The casinos owned by the company -- Caesars, Harrah’s, Ballys and Showboat -- accounted for 41 percent of the Atlantic City gambling market in December, according to Bloomberg Industries research.
 AdMob, owned by Google, and Millennial Media are the two biggest networks for Android, the largest smartphone operating system in the world.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Ziggo NV, the Dutch broadband provider partly owned by Liberty Global Plc, said talks to be taken over by John Malone’s company are advancing and predicted that higher marketing costs will halt profit growth this year.
 At least 70,000 members of the union have downed tools in the country that is home to about 70 percent of global production.
 Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, which is 63 percent owned by Daiichi Sankyo, can’t produce or distribute drug ingredients from a fourth plant for the US.
 Luoyang Mining, owned by Luoyang city government, doesn’t plan to increase its holding to regain control, according to the statement.
 The change in control exemplifies how China is seeking to diversify ownership of state-owned companies.
 New Pipelines Companies built pipelines such as the 175,000-barrel-a-day Southern Hills system, operated by DCP and owned by DCP and its two corporate parents, Phillips 66 and Spectra Energy Partners LP, to allow producers to ship propane and other natural gas liquids to the Gulf Coast.
 “When you have these pressures, all the parties need to apply their minds constructively to deal with the issue” At least 70,000 employees downed tools at platinum mines yesterday in South Africa, home to 70 percent of the world’s production of the metal, causing about $131 million of lost revenue on the first day.
 “I’m hoping rates don’t spike up another percentage point, like they did in 2013” The average fixed rate on a 30-year mortgage was 448 percent last week, up from 335 percent in early May, according to Freddie Mac, the government-owned mortgage securitizer.
 RBCT handles coal from mines owned by companies including Glencore Xstrata Plc, Anglo American Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd.
 The country’s sole power utility, state-owned Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, uses it to meet about 85 percent of its generation needs.
 The chain is owned by billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov’s AFK Sistema.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Lucasfilm Ltd, the company founded by “Star Wars” creator George Lucas, is moving its Singapore office into a new building owned by the filmmaker as it expects to increase its workforce by about 10 percent.
 Contracts to buy previously owned houses fell 87 percent in December from the previous month as abnormally cold weather in much of the US.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Pantheon, the private-equity firm owned by Affiliated Managers Group Inc, won the bidding for about $500 million in buyout fund stakes that are being sold by the Teachers’ Retirement System of the State of Illinois, said two people with knowledge of the matter.
 Malaysia has expressed wariness over some parts of the deal, including those related to state-owned enterprises and government procurement.
 Telkom, which is 40 percent owned by South Africa’s government, is struggling to revive revenue in a country that has leapfrogged fixed-line technology in favor of smartphone devices that are driving a boom in data usage across Africa.
 Shanduka holds stakes in mines owned by Lonmin Plc, mines coal in a venture with Glencore Xstrata Plc, controls the McDonald’s Corp.
 That would value the stake owned by Ramaphosa’s Tshivhase Trust at about 26 billion rand.
 The company plans to operate 600 owned and chartered vessels by 2015, up from 479 at the end of September, under a $2 billion expansion plan.
 “It’s a cost-benefit calculation,” said Alfred Clouth, CEO of the family-owned company that bears his name.
 Santander Consumer USA, based in Dallas, is 65 percent owned by Spain’s biggest bank, the filing shows.
 The company also could use it to promote TV Azteca SAB original video content and the Totalmovie pay-per-view movie system, which are owned by other branches of Salinas’s empire.
 China Oilfield owns the world’s largest offshore drilling fleet among state-owned firms and is well positioned to benefit from rising capital spending, Gordon Kwan, the regional head of oil and gas research at Nomura Holdings Inc, said in a Jan.
 An 11 percent drop in the rupee against the dollar and optimism about a global economic recovery fueled the gains in Asia’s biggest software exporter, which is 74 percent owned by Tata Sons Ltd.
 BlackRock was among investors that owned 55 percent of the debt in the business and negotiated a deal with Batista, the company’s founder and chairman, that would give them 65 percent of its equity.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, the Irish state-owned lender, is forecasting a 10 percent return on equity for its good-bank unit by 2017 under a plan to return it to private ownership after a bailout.
 Jeremy Masding, who has been chief executive officer for almost two years, considered closing the 992 percent state-owned bank as its bad-loan losses soared following the collapse of a real estate bubble.
 Virgin America Virgin America Inc, the carrier partly owned by UK.
 Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc, the car-finance company owned by Spain’s Banco Santander SA, plans to raise as much as $156 billon in an initial public offering.
 ‘Better Fits’ The Citigroup analysts said the role of Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm that holds 18 percent of Standard Chartered, and regulators would be “critical” to a creating a “dual-listed company” “Other institutions, with similar international ambitions but lower levels of profitability than ANZ may be better fits as acquirers,” they said.
 Iavarone’s International Equine Acquisitions Holdings stables earned as much as $663,362 in races in 2009, excluding horses owned in partnership with other groups.
 Two Bailouts National Bank is 84 percent owned by the Greek state after receiving a bailout of about 85 billion euros.
 There are more than 34,900 McDonald’s restaurants worldwide and 19 percent of those are owned by the company.
 China Development Bank, a state-owned lender, has lent at least 708 billion yuan for solar power development this month, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 automaker majority-owned by Fiat SpA, said vehicle production rose 16 percent in December to 187,764.
 Virgin America Virgin America Inc, the carrier partly owned by UKbillionaire Richard Branson, is interested in Reagan slots, saidJennifer Thomas, a spokeswoman.
 Shell also has a network of about 900 filling stations in Australia, two-thirds of which are operated by its retail partner Coles Group Ltd, owned by Wesfarmers Ltd.
 ANZ owned minority stakes in six Asian companies valued at a combined A$4 billion ($35 billion) as of September 2012.
 The National Association of Realtors will say sales of previously owned homes gained 05 percent following a 43 percent decline in November, a separate survey showed.
 “This is going to be a consistent, serious and strategic reform” In 1997, Russian scholars published about 32,000 journal articles -- comparable with their Chinese peers -- according to Scopus, a citation database owned by Reed Elsevier Plc.
 Foundation Raided After replacing Medvedev as president in 2012, Putin vetoed legislation that would have granted Skolkovo exemptions from red tape and overturned a Medvedev order that state-owned companies contribute to the endowment of a new university at the center.
 Social-media sites including Sina Weibo have become platforms used by Chinese citizens to expose corruption and wrongdoing in a country where all domestic newspapers, television and radio stations are state-owned.
 Nessergy Ltd, an oil company owned by Gertler, paid $500,000 for 95 percent of Congo’s stake in the offshore block in 2006, according to the Oil Ministry.
 endorsement deals -- the most notable with Nike Inc, the world’s largest sporting-goods company, and Gillette, owned by Procter & Gamble Co.
 He gets $6 million annually from Moet & Chandon, owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, in an agreement that expires in 2017.
 20, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 So he stole it from DuPont Co, the world’s largest producer of the pigment, and gave it to a Chinese state-owned company for $28 million in contracts, Assistant US.
 As part of the agreement, Revere journalists will appear on CNBC, MSNBC, the “Today” show and other outlets owned by Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal.
 study found that a company’s customers who also owned stock were more loyal than non-equity owners, Schneider said.
 The lender, partly owned by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, plans to sell global depositary receipts in the first half, the people said yesterday, asking not to be named because the details aren’t public.
 A competing offer from a fund owned by Brookfield Asset Management Inc.
 Trade Secrets/Industrial Espionage City-Owned Casino Director’s Pay Justification Called a Secret Mystique Casino, a city-owned gambling establishment in Dubuque, Iowa, refused to provide justification for its chief executive’s pay, claiming it is a trade secret, the Des Moines Register reported.
 Meijer Inc, a Grand Rapids, Michigan-based family-owned retailer, agreed to buy the remaining 1,200 tickets to today’s National Football League playoff game between the Colts and Kansas City Chiefs at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis and distribute them to local military families, Colts owner Jim Irsay said on Twitter.
 The plan would be to take control of T-Mobile by paying cash for the 67 percent stake owned by Deutsche Telekom AG, said the people.
 Timpone, now at McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter LLP, later represented the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, a state-owned hospital in Newark.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai Group LLC, an investment company owned by the emirate’s ruler, said it reached a final agreement with lenders on $6 billion in debt restructuring after three years of talks.
 Several state-owned companies in the Persian Gulf tourism and business hub, including palm island developer Nakheel PJSC, were forced to delay repayments after credit markets froze.
 They’ve already filed more than a dozen cases against Freedom Industries Inc, the company that owned the tank that leaked into the river, or the West Virginia American Water, a subsidiary of American Water Works Co, the largest US.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railroad Co, the carrier owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, won an appeal of a US.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Singh is leaning on state-owned companies for extra funds to cut the budget deficit to a six-year low of 48 percent of gross domestic product as a slowdown in the $18 trillion economy dented tax revenue before national elections due by May.
 “This is simply deferring the problem of capital requirements at state-owned banks” The dividends may weaken the core capital of certain banks and hurt their credit profile when they are struggling to revive profit growth, Batra said.
 ‘Intense Pressure’ State-run lenders have historically been under-capitalized relative to their privately owned peers as a regulation requiring state ownership be maintained at 51 percent curtails the banks’ ability to raise capital by selling shares.
 “Banks will face persistent pressure on capital adequacy on profitability and margins,” said Arun Kaul, chairman and managing director of state-owned UCO Bank said in a telephone interview on Jan.
 Narendra, chairman and managing director of state-owned Indian Overseas Bank said in a telephone interview on Jan.
 Coal India Ltd, the world’s largest producer of the fuel and owned 90 percent by the government, said on Jan.
 stocks declined as investors weighed data that showed a manufacturing contraction in China and an increase in purchases of previously owned US.
 Purchases of previously owned homes climbed 1 percent to a 487 million annual pace, data from the National Association of Realtors in Washington showed.
 and state-owned Temasek Holdings Pte.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Evraz Plc, the Russian mining and metals company part-owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, will stick to coal-production targets this year as cost cuts shield operations from a “difficult” market.
 “As privately-owned banks are very selective in giving new credit, delinquency rates are declining,” Pedro Galdi, an analyst at SLW Corretora in Sao Paulo, said in a telephone interview.
 Credit Quality “There is a structural change in the Brazilian bank industry, with privately owned lenders focusing on credit quality instead of growth,” Riva said in a telephone interview.
 As credit quality at non-state-owned banks in Brazil improves, lending has remained muted, Votorantim Corretora analysts including Flavio Yoshida wrote in a Jan.
 Financial Stability “Financial stability concerns may become more significant should debt financing become more prevalent or if the share of homes owned by investors in certain markets rises significantly further,” they wrote in a Dec.
 “If Facebook isn’t a teen product, then the teens are using Instagram, which is also owned by Facebook, so I think the fear is a little exaggerated,” said Eric Steiman, who owns Facebook in a portfolio of $55 million at Covestor Ltd.
 The spillage happened when an impoundment dam of Bosveld Phosphates, previously owned by Sasol, overflowed into the river.
 Strategic Investment “Zhongsheng is one of China’s premier motor dealership groups representing many internationally renowned marques,” Adam Keswick, Jardine Strategic’s director, said in a statement.
 allegations that one of its units bribed members of Bahrain’s royal family and officials at a state-owned company to win business.
 22 said the 2010 black empowerment deal to issue 600,000 shares and sell 10 percent of South Deep to a black-owned group didn’t “consistently meet the high standards set by Gold Fields” Chief Executive Officer Nick Holland waived his 2013 bonus because of concerns over the deal and the board pledged to improve transparency and communication.
 MegaFon, controlled by Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov and part-owned by Sweden’s TeliaSonera AB, signed a three-year contract with Apple, the Moscow-based operator said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 to roll out the new network technology, using spectrum it already owned while carriers such as Vodafone and Telefonica SA’s O2 were forced to wait several months for a government auction.
 State-owned Air India Ltd.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Marriott International Inc’s luxury Edition brand will open a second location in New York, at a property in the Times Square area owned by a partnership that also agreed to refinance the debt on the project.
 CEC also said in October that it plans to open as many as 15 company-owned stores in 2014, including three outlet relocations and one franchise acquisition, with capital spending projected at $70 million to $75 million.
 Existing Homes Purchases of previously owned homes climbed in December for the first time in five months, rising 1 percent to a 487 million annual pace, the National Association of Realtors reported Jan.
 The CFTC has registered more than a dozen Sef platforms, including those owned by Tradeweb Markets LLC, MarketAxess Holdings Inc, trueEX LLC and Bloomberg LP, parent of Bloomberg News.
 Seibu Holdings Inc, part-owned by Cerberus, plans to list on the Tokyo bourse as early as April, three people familiar with the matter said this month.
 14, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 January $535 calls, with an exercise price 10 percent above yesterday’s close, were the most owned options, followed by January $545 calls, according to the data.
 Perez said that while he was “very satisfied” with the government’s economic reforms, he was concerned that “protectionist rules” forcing China’s state-owned enterprises to buy domestically produced equipment could drive foreign companies away.
 Amorim, a family-owned investment firm, said it was misled by Merrill when Milan-based Saipem issued a profit warning the day after the deal.
 Jaguar, the luxury brand owned by Tata Motors Ltd, Kia Motors Corp.
 “Homes which were previously sold at a heavy discount are no longer fetching a fraction of their value; this is probably causing the index to overstate home price appreciation” Contracts to buy previously owned homes rose 02 percent in November, the first increase in six months, after a 12 percent drop in October that was larger than initially reported, the National Association of Realtors said on Dec.
 State-owned companies such as Dubai Holding LLC, Dubai Group’s parent, and Dubai World Corp.
 Dubai Holding, one of three main government-owned holding companies, said in June it plans to sell its 35 percent stake in Tunisie Telecom.
 Sales of previously owned homes rose 1 percent in December to a 487 million annual pace, the National Association of Realtors reported today.
 The FHFA index measures transactions for single-family properties financed with mortgages owned or securitized by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 State-owned oil and gas company PT Pertamina last month signed a 20-year contract with Houston-based Cheniere Energy Inc.
 Trade Secrets/Industrial Espionage City-Owned Casino Director’s Pay Justification Called a Secret Mystique Casino, a city-owned gambling establishment in Dubuque, Iowa, refused to provide justification for its chief executive’s pay, claiming it is a trade secret, the Des Moines Register reported.
 OAO Kamaz, the Russian truck producer partly owned by Daimler AG, climbed 53 percent to 5369 rubles.
 The New Zealander headed Hong Kong-based AIA when it was owned by American International Group Inc.
 Tom Group signed an agreement with state-owned enterprise China Post Group to form a new joint venture operating an e-commerce business in China, it said yesterday in a statement.
 “State-owned China Post has a competitive edge, as it has established an efficient and comprehensive network in Chinese cities early on,” said Alex Wang, a Beijing-based analyst at Internet consulting group IResearch.
 “The sale of this trophy asset marks another step forward in Starwood’s pursuit of an asset-light strategy as we look to sell owned real estate at the right time to the right owners,” Simon Turner, president of global development, said in the statement.
 The Comcast Corp-owned network has hired writers to develop the comedy for Cosby, 76, said the people, who requested anonymity because the show hasn’t been announced yet.
 Lombard, Odier SCA, Geneva’s oldest bank, and BSI Group, the Swiss private bank owned by Italy’s Assicurazioni Generali SpA.
 Rothschild Banks that said they will participate include: Union Bancaire Privee, the Geneva-based bank founded by Edgar de Picciotto in 1969; Edmond de Rothschild Group, owned by Baron Benjamin de Rothschild; and EFG International AG, controlled by Greek billionaire Spiro Latsis and his family.
 In October, Blackstone-owned Brixmor Property Group Inc.
 JSW, owned by Sajjan Jindal, is seeking to buy Stemcor assets and has submitted a second-round bid, Seshagiri Rao, joint managing director of the nation’s third-largest steelmaker, said today in Mumbai.
 Jindal Steel, owned by brother Naveen Jindal, also has placed a bid, Managing Director Ravi Uppal said today in New Delhi.
 Zions owned $12 billion of bank-issued TruPS CDOs as of Sept.
 had the biggest weekly gain after the Supreme Court overruled a Bombay High Court order that plots of land owned by the company in Mumbai were a ‘‘private forest” ICICI Bank Ltd.
 last year to a brokerage venture owned by Mitsubishi UFJ and Morgan Stanley, which topped Japan’s mergers advisory rankings in 2013.
 24 it agreed to buy the 5001 percent stake in Celesio held by Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH, a family-owned investment company, for 23 euros a share, and begin a tender offer for the remaining publicly traded shares at the same price.
 Yesterday’s bond sale by Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil company known as Pemex, included $3 billion of 30-year bonds, a record for an emerging-market corporate issuer.
 LCI, owned by New York-based Libra Group, entered the helicopter market in 2012 when it committed to spend as much as $400 million to buy a fleet of Finmeccanica SpA AgustaWestland choppers.
 It added 1,257 outlets in the period and plans to add about 1,000 annually for the next few years, on top of the 11,637 it owned as of March 2013, giving a market share of 275 percent.
 At 47, he became the youngest head of China’s four state-owned banks.
 Tyson gets about 95 percent of the pork it produces from 3,000 independent farmers, with the rest coming from farmers raising company-owned animals.
 The company asked farmers who manage Tyson-owned sows, female pigs that have had at least one litter, to improve the quality and quantity of space in new or redesigned gestation barns starting this year, according to the letter.
 Smithfield, the world’s largest hog producer, had transitioned 54 percent of pregnant sows on company-owned US.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Bonds of Nanjing Iron & Steel Co, partly owned by Chinese billionaire Guo Guangchang, are set for their worst month on record as concern mounts the government’s campaign to reduce smog and overcapacity may exacerbate losses.
 Shanghai Fosun High Technology Group Co, 100 percent owned by Fosun International, offers a full and irreversible guarantee for Nanjing Steel’s bonds, according to the note’s prospectus.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Bats Global Markets Inc’s merger with Direct Edge Holdings LLC will put a broker-owned stock exchange operator in the top ranks on Wall Street for the first time since NYSE Euronext and Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
 NYSE and Nasdaq, which converted to public companies about a decade ago, have battled growing competition from Bats and Direct Edge as well as alternative trading venues run by some of the same Wall Street firms that once owned them.
 Combining the broker-owned exchanges will only heighten the threat, according to Brad Katsuyama, chief executive officer of IEX Group Inc, which runs a dark pool aimed at large investors.
 Direct Edge, based in Jersey City, New Jersey, was wholly owned by Knight Capital Group before it was spun off in 2007.
 Dark Pools Dark pools made up about 14 percent of volume in December, according to Rosenblatt, whose data show the largest of the venues are owned by the same firms who own the new Bats, such as Goldman, Morgan Stanley and KCG.
 A co-defendant in the lawsuit, Spherix Inc, which has bought some patents from Rockstar, today called on Charter to enter into negotiations for licensing certain patents owned by Spherix and the consortium.
 Both companies will initially be owned by existing shareholders, according to a May 29 regulatory filing.
 Those brands are all owned by the world’s biggest brewers, which are aggressively rolling out products designed to appeal to fans of craft beer.
 Instead, the new labels are taking sales from already-troubled mass-market brands owned by the industry giants peddling these crafty brews.
 And in 2006 it created Shock Top, a Belgian-style wheat ale, to take on Blue Moon, the biggest of the craft-like labels owned by industry leaders.
 MillerCoors, co-owned by SABMiller Plc and Molson Coors Brewing Co, in 2010 set up a unit called Tenth & Blake to focus on Blue Moon and other niche brews as well as premium imports such as Pilsner Urquell from the Czech Republic and Cusquena from Peru.
 The parts maker, 43 percent owned by Toyota, estimates net income will grow 17 percent to 25 billion yen as it benefits from a weaker yen, which is making Japanese vehicles more competitive overseas.
 Trademark Duckhorn Denies Duck Commander Claim Wine Labels Don’t Infringe GI Partners LLC’s Duckhorn Wine unit, which makes wines selling for as much as $95 a bottle, responded to counterclaims in a trademark dispute with a company owned by the Louisiana family that stars in the “Duck Dynasty” reality television program.
 Once owned by groups of major banks, Visa and MasterCard have defended themselves for decades against claims that they operated price-fixing schemes.
 The authors see particularly high risks among German state-owned banks, or Landesbanken.
 “Germany has many government-owned institutions that may require capital issuances and/or bail-ins,” they wrote.
 Decree Power Maduro used troops to enforce price cuts in electronic stores and temporarily seized an Irish-owned packaging company in November, saying companies are overcharging consumers.
 The C$325 million ($293 million) Cape Scott project is now in operation on Vancouver Island and is jointly owned by GDF Suez Canada, Mitsui & Co.
 ARA Asset Management Ltd, a real estate investment trust manager partly owned by Li Ka-shing, sold the Nanjing IFC building for 3 billion yuan ($497 million), China Business News reported on Dec.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Bogota SA, the city-owned phone company, has no plans to seek a partner or buyout for at least two years as it adds television and mobile service, Chief Executive Officer Saul Kattan said.
 The city-owned company will be competing with billionaire Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, whose Claro unit has about 60 percent of Colombia’s mobile-phone lines.
 The number of foreign-owned Swiss banks fell to 129 by the end of May 2013 from 145 at the start of 2012, according to data from the Association of Foreign Banks in Switzerland at the time.
 owned 388 million Apple shares worth $185 billion, its fourth-largest holding.
 India will sell the shares in billionaire Anil Agarwal-owned Hindustan Zinc, Commerce Minister Anand Sharma said yesterday after market hours citing a cabinet decision.
 Open Market Hindustan Zinc has not been a government-owned company for almost a decade and one way to sell shares would be in the open market, if the prices were considered to be fair, according to Press Trust, which cited Vahanvati’s communication with the law ministry.
 State-owned RBS charged companies advisory fees and bought their assets at reduced prices once they were in default, government consultant Lawrence Tomlinson said in a report published in November.
 22 said the 2010 black empowerment deal to issue 600,000 shares and sell 10 percent of South Deep to a black-owned group didn’t “consistently meet the high standards set by Gold Fields” Convicted bank robber Gayton McKenzie, now a businessman and author, said Jan.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Ltd, a property unit of Chinese state-owned Greenland Holding Group Co, will join with China Resources Land Ltd.
 China Resources is controlled by state-owned China Resources Holdings Co, which invests in industries including power generation, cement production, real estate and finance.
 Detsky Mir, owned by billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov’s AFK Sistema, has selected Credit Suisse Group AG and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, is looking at ways to offer bonds to individual investors in the city state.
 “The outlook on extending leases and on moderate rental growth is more positive than it was a year ago” Frankfurt Acquisition Benson Elliot in December bought the Turmcenter, an office property in Frankfurt, from German state-owned lender Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg.
 went on sale last week from Capitol Records, a label owned by Universal Music.
 Russia’s state-owned natural gas export monopoly is suspected of abusing its dominant market power to impose unfair prices in central and eastern Europe by linking what it charges for long-term natural gas contracts to oil prices and of preventing gas from being traded between countries, the EU said when it started the probe in September 2012.
 28 amid concern the bank might be hurt by financial distress at retailer SMU SA, which is also owned by Saieh.
 Even state-owned enterprises assume they are too systemically important -- or too politically connected -- to fail.
 Analysts estimated a 05 percent increase, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 Both broker-dealers, which neither admitted nor denied the allegations, are owned by St.
 Trian owned 409 million shares, or 23 percent, of Mondelez as of September.
 Jack Daniels Suntory’s purchase of Beam, one of the last big independent non-family-owned liquor assets, sparked speculation that companies like Diageo and Pernod Ricard SA could next turn their attention to family companies like Brown-Forman Corp, the maker of Jack Daniels whiskey.
 At least 33 announced through late December that they will join some form of the program, including 19 cantonal banks, or regional lenders typically owned by regional governments.
 They include Union Bancaire Privee, the Geneva-based bank founded by Edgar de Picciotto in 1969; Edmond de Rothschild Group, the Geneva-based wealth manager owned by Baron Benjamin de Rothschild; EFG International AG, controlled by Greek billionaire Spiro Latsis and his family; and Bern-based Valiant Holding AG.
 Drinking Habits The Czech market is dominated by brands owned by SABMiller’s Plzensky Prazdroj AS, Moolson Coor’s Pivovary Staropramen AS and Heineken CR.
 Pivovary Lobkowicz is among the three largest Czech-owned breweries, together with Budejovicky Budvar and Pivovary Moravskoslezske.
 Cerberus’ YP In the US, Cerberus-owned YP changed its brand from Yellow Pages and is now generating more than $1 billion in digital-advertising revenue a year, according to the company’s website.
 Drummond is the country’s biggest coal exporter after Cerrejon, a mining company owned by BHP Billiton Ltd, Anglo American Plc.
 Waertsilae’s largest shareholder is Avlis AB, which is jointly owned by Finland’s Fiskars Oyj and Investor AB, the investment company of the Wallenbergs.
 IDP Education, a student recruitment business 50 percent owned by Seek, said in November it planned an IPO in Australia this year, without giving details.
 Agricultural Development Bank of China follows with 36 billion yuan and a unit of government-owned Sinochem Group, China’s biggest supplier of chemical products, comes third.
 He also is chairman of the Domestic Energy Producers Alliance, a group of companies whose drilling and refining operations aren’t owned by the same parent.
 Sales at stores open at least 13 months advanced 5 percent globally, trailing analysts’ estimate for a gain of 59 percent, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 “We need an asset-management company with its own distribution network in Italy, owned by a bank,” Chief Executive Officer Pietro Giuliani said in an interview in Milan.
 Before its sale to Carlyle, Arinc had been owned by airlines since its founding in 1929 to handle air-to-ground communications.
 Nuveen, owned by Chicago-based private-equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners LLC, managed $118 billion as of Sept.
 “Lone Survivor,” a military drama also released by Comcast Corp-owned Universal, fell to second place with $259 million in US.
 that it owned, adding 16 cents to earnings per share in the quarter and making up for a similar amount of charges from the sale of its brake pad business, and environmental and restructuring costs.
 The company, which is owned and run by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Chow, a former Macau lawmaker, doesn’t have a casino license of its own.
 31, while Barclays Plc owned 004 percent of the company at the end of July, data compiled by Bloomberg shows.
 The company, owned by London-listed Vedanta Resources Plc, has approval to produce as much as 229 million tons of iron ore a year, Mukherjee said on Dec.
 The move fueled speculation that the company will consolidate offices from other locations, including 399 Park and 601 Lexington Ave, an east side tower formerly known as Citigroup Center and also owned by Boston Properties.
 The court order allowing L-Band Acquisition LLC, a wholly owned unit of Dish, to make a $222 billion bid for LightSquared was “totally clear” that all aspects of it were irrevocable, Glenn Kurtz, a lawyer for the lenders group, said in a hearing today.
 Aircraft leasing companies including private-equity-owned AWAS Aviation Capital Ltd.
 I don’t think you’ll see a lot more consolidation, it’s hard to do” AerCap’s agreement to buy Los Angeles-based ILFC from insurer American International Group Inc, which gets a 46 percent stake in the merged business, will create a lessor with 1,329 planes, narrowing the gap to General Electric Co-owned market leader Gecas, which has 1,635 aircraft.
 Embassy Services PAE Government Services Inc, whose parent company is owned by private equity firm Lindsay Goldberg & Co.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, partly owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, sold a stake in a Philippine budget carrier to Cebu Air Inc.
 Cebu Air, majority owned by JG Summit Holdings Inc, will buy the 40 percent Tiger Air owns in Southeast Asian Airlines Inc, Tiger Air said in a statement to the Singapore stock exchange today.
 Chevron is looking to sell the West Texas LPG Pipeline LP, a natural gas pipeline 20 percent owned by Atlas Pipeline Partners LP, one of the people said.
 6, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The technology park is home to semiconductor, automotive, appliance and pharmaceutical companies, and is part owned by Ayala Land Inc, an affiliate company of Manila Water.
 NBC, owned by Comcast Corp, also will host a live chat with fans on Facebook Inc’s site.
 A rival offer from a fund owned by Brookfield Asset Management Inc.
 The prisons, owned and run by the government, began operating in 2012.
 Wacker Chemie is majority-owned by the founding family’s holding company, Dr.
 As part of the agreement, Revere journalists will appear on CNBC, MSNBC, the “Today” show and other outlets owned by Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal.
 Certification Process “We’ve just been waiting for the reveal to unveil a certification process for dealer-owned body shops and the independent channel,” Scott said.
 Saudi Airlines and budget carrier Flynas currently serveSaudi Arabia’s domestic market, and the duo will be joined byupstart Saudi Gulf that’s owned by conglomerate Al QahtaniGroup, which announced at the show that it will introduce afull-service airline in Saudi Arabia after agreeing to purchaseBombardier Inc.
 unemployment benefits held near a six-week low while purchases of previously owned homes climbed less than projected in December.
 The company, owned 90 percent by the government, will make an interim payment of 29 rupees a share for the year ending March 31, according to a stock exchange statement today.
 The finance ministry expects to raise 150 billion rupees selling shares in state-owned companies for the year ending March 31, less than half its targeted amount.
 The Florida pension fund said Delaware judges have frowned upon the use of deal protections such as the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Waive” standstill provisions included in the LSI deal.
 automaker owned by Fiat SpA, is planning to raise as much as $47 billion to repay a note issued to the United Auto Workers retiree health-care trust.
 The 67 percent state-owned company last year delayed its Johan Castberg oil project in Norway’s Barents Sea and the Bressay heavy-oil development in the UK.
 The change follows the arrest in November of Steven Gilchrist, a New York-based SEC examiner, charged with misleading investigators about bank stocks he owned.
 One case was mentioned in a December report by the SEC’s Inspector General, who wrote that a senior employee failed to properly report stock owned by a spouse; US.
 Weeks earlier, HJ Heinz Co, the ketchup-maker owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 24 it agreed to buy the 5001 percent stake in Celesio held by Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH, a family-owned investment company, for 23 euros a share, and begin a tender offer for the remaining publicly traded shares at the same price.
 “If it was DNS contamination it should have been isolated, it should have been a few cases instead of the whole Internet becoming inaccessible” Much of China’s web traffic during the outage was directed to an Internet address owned by Dynamic Internet Technology Inc.
 The channel owned by Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal and private-equity firms Blackstone Group LP and Bain Capital Partners LLC was unavailable starting at 12:01 am.
 Marfrig will sell 215 billion reais ($905 million) of domestic bonds convertible into stock and due in 2017 to replace 2015 notes held by the government-owned lender known as BNDES, the Sao Paulo-based meatpacker said late on Jan.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- CNN, the cable news network owned by Time Warner Inc, said it deleted some postings on its social media accounts after they were compromised.
 and Dragonfyre Magick Incorporated, which, according to the Complaint, were owned or operated by Symons and Kline, respectively" Those are pretty good names too.
 27 ruling, according to the state-owned China Daily.
 The group, China’s largest state-owned investment firm, owns companies ranging from banking to oil exploration and reports directly to the nation’s cabinet.
 “If we have difficulties in the domestic market, then we will export” ‘Right Time’ The company is 61 percent owned by Vietnam Oil & Gas Group, which plans to sell a stake of 10 percent, valued at about $83 million at current market prices.
 Brian Johnson, an auto analyst for Barclays Plc, has said that GM has sufficient cash and liquidity to pay an annual dividend of 40 cents a share and repurchase stock in addition to buying back remaining common shares owned by the Canadian government and a union health-care trust.
 State-owned Air India Ltd.
 Namibia’s government hasn’t yet responded to the offer made through state-owned utility Namibia Water Corp, the person said.
 was also among the investment banks that may be hired to manage the share sale of India’s third-largest non-government-owned lender by assets, said the people, asking not to be identified before a public announcement.
 So you have duties not only with respect to the stocks and bonds you own, but also sometimes with respect to all the stuff owned by the companies whose stocks you own, and so forth.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- Petroleos Mexicanos, Mexico’s state-owned oil producer, expects to sign its first exploration and output agreements with international companies as early as year-end after Mexico abolished its 75-year monopoly.
 Its presence across southern China’s Pearl River Delta makes it a more attractive target than other smaller family-owned banks in the city, Grace Wu, an analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Ltd, said by phone on Sept.
 During a trial period expected to last five to 10 years, the state-owned bulk trader will do “all the procurement on behalf of the market” to ensure stability of power supply, Wonodi said in a Jan.
 “If somewhere along the line the distribution companies are unable to make payments to the generation companies, it has been provided for” Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan in September handed control of 15 power generation and distribution companies spun out of the state-owned power utility to new owners including Siemens AG, Korea Electric Power Corp.
 of Nigeria, the former state-owned monopoly, to private investors in September to boost output and end blackouts in the country, where demand is almost double the 4,000-megawatt capacity.
 The Bureau of Public Enterprises, the country’s privatization agency, plans to sell 10 state-owned gas-powered plants with capacity for 5,400 megawatts this year while investors are required to add 5,000 megawatts to the national grid every five years.
 The Washington-based trade group’s members include BNSF, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The opening of the oil industry will allow companies to explore for Mexican crude reserves estimated at 45 billion barrels, according to state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex.
 The company accounted for 70 percent of package deliveries in China last year, Ma said in a letter published in February 2013 in a newspaper owned by the State Post Bureau.
 Kogas, as the state-owned company is known, paid an average price of about $1850 per million British thermal units, said an official who asked not to be identified because he isn’t authorized to speak to the media.
 Alibaba, through wholly owned Perfect Advance Holding Ltd, has agreed to buy 44 billion Citic 21CN shares at 30 Hong Kong cents each, taking a 543 percent stake, Citic 21CN said in a filing to Hong Kong stock exchange yesterday.
 (BRCM) haveshuttered factories and outsourced manufacturing to Asia,STMicroelectronics -- 275 percent owned by the French andItalian governments -- is betting it can prosper by keepingproduction in Europe, close to its design teams.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Pacific Rubiales Energy Corp, Latin America’s largest non-state-owned oil producer, said it expects to generate as much as $14 billion from the sale of infrastructure assets to reduce debt and buy back shares.
 The state-owned producer, known as Saudi Aramco, will buy almost all of Hanjin Energy Co’s stake in S-Oil, according to an S-Oil official who asked not to be identified because of internal policy.
 (AAPL)’s iPhone and Samsung Electronics Co’s Galaxy family, islargely absent from devices on China Mobile Ltd’s network,because the state-owned carrier deployed a related system itsaid was developed locally.
 The Australian company owned 76 percent of the business, with the balance held by Henry Cheng’s New World Development Co.
 China Mobile is investigating whether the transaction meets its internal guidelines as well as regulations of China’s State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the company said in an e-mail today.
 The sale involved a unit that owned spectrum to broadcast mobile television service in Hong Kong, the company said, without identifying the buyer.
 said last month it paid about HK$1574 million for the China Mobile unit that owned the spectrum, including options.
 Frasers Centrepoint is in discussions with the TCC Group to acquire and or manage 3,700 rooms of the hospitality assets owned by the group outside Thailand over the next three years, and is exploring the setting up of a hospitality REIT, the company said in October.
 
 government probes of their practices by agreeing to rework mortgages backing securities owned by investors to offer better terms for borrowers, Kathy Patrick, a partner at Gibbs & Bruns LLP, said yesterday at an industry conference in Las Vegas.
 Also in November, BlackRock chastized the government for allowing JPMorgan in a separate deal to use $4 billion of consumer relief, including on investor-owned loans, to settle charges of misrepresentations in mortgage-bond sales.
 households owned IRAs in 2013, ICI data show.
 Newspaper Folha de SPaulo had reported that the state-owned oil company may increase them before June.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- India’s state-owned companies are paying the biggest dividends in at least three years, a buy signal for the country’s third-largest money manager as the government extracts higher payouts to pare its budget deficit.
 says dividends at government-owned companies are irresistible even after bad debt at state-run lenders and intervention into the energy industry spurred a 27 percent decline in the PSU Index in the past year.
 Fuel Subsidy Government intervention has curbed earnings at some-state owned businesses.
 Cash hoards at government-owned companies make the stocks attractive, ICICI’s Naren said.
 The rule would only apply to power lines built along existing transmission paths or on land owned by the state, the person said.
 State-owned oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA contributed the most to the benchmark index’s decline after denying a report that it plans to raise domestic fuel prices.
 China’s equities slumped last year amid concern economic growth will slow without structural reforms such as revamping the nation’s state-owned enterprises.
 State-owned Rafael next month plans to unveil details of its Iron Beam technology at the Singapore Air Show.
 “And tight underwriting standards are keeping renters in their current renting situation” Contracts to buy previously owned houses fell in December by the most since May 2010, the Realtors group reported.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- Five German breweries, including the country’s largest family-owned beer maker, and seven people were fined 1065 million euros ($1455 million) for illegally colluding to raise the price of beer.
 The breweries fined include family-owned Krombacher Brauerei GmbH, Bitburger Braugruppe GmbH, C.
 The 118-kilometer initial stage, which Ienova expects to be in operation by December, is being developed through a joint venture with Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil company known as Pemex.
 Former board member Antoine Gosset-Grainville, representing French state-owned Caisse des Depots et Consignations, unsuccessfully opposed De Boeck’s proposed salary, which was approved by the board four months before the government took ownership.
 Belgium limits executive salaries at state-owned firms to 290,000 euros, though the curbs don’t apply to publicly traded companies.
 “Illegal moving of funds is quite common among state-owned enterprises as they lack monitoring of senior executives,” said Johnson Sun, a health-care analyst at Guotai Junan Securities Hong Kong Ltd.
 China National Pharmaceutical Group Corp, the parent of Sinopharm, is directly controlled by the State Council’s State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
 Oil and gas production in 2013 exceeded 300 million metric tons for the first time, the state-owned, Beijing-based company said in a statement on its website today.
 Meijer Inc, a Grand Rapids, Michigan-based family-owned retailer, agreed to buy the remaining 1,200 tickets to tomorrow’s National Football League playoff game between the Colts and Kansas City Chiefs at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis and distribute them to local military families, Colts owner Jim Irsay said on Twitter.
 Alcoa also recorded a charge of $243 million in connection with the settlement of allegations that one of its units bribed members of Bahrain’s royal family and officials at a state-owned company to win business in 2004.
 Alcoa World Alumina LLC, a majority-owned unit that supplies the raw material used by smelters to make aluminum, pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of violating the anti-bribery provisions of the US.
 Alcoa World Alumina is a unit of a joint venture that is 60 percent owned by Alcoa and 40 percent owned by Alumina Ltd.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Vietnam is seeking to deter fraud as it considers a plan that allows state-owned enterprises to sell stakes below book value, part of efforts to accelerate a cleanup of the sector and regain investor confidence.
 We can start with stake sales of non-core businesses of SOEs” Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung plans to complete a revamp of Vietnam’s state-owned enterprises by 2015 to spur growth as the economy is set to expand below 7 percent for a seventh straight year in 2014.
 Vietnam Electricity, a state-owned utility, had invested 1217 trillion dong ($58 billion) in non-core businesses by end-2011, surpassing its 77 trillion dong of registered capital, the state inspectorate said in a report yesterday.
 The government needs to hire independent advisory companies to cross-check the process, from evaluating and pricing the stakes to holding auctions” Vietnam plans to reduce the number of state-owned companies to 600 in 2015 and 300 in 2020 from about 1,200 now, Deputy Prime Minister Hoang Trung Hai said last month.
 The People’s Court of Hanoi in December sentenced Duong Chi Dung, former chairman of Vietnam National Shipping Lines, or Vinalines, as the state-owned company is known, and Mai Van Phuc, its former general director, to death for embezzlement.
 Winning that is complicated by Austria’s refusal to repay loans BayernLB, which is owned by the German state of Bavaria, gave to Hypo Alpe.
 Last year, HomeServices-owned brokerages participated in $55 billion worth of home sales, up from $42 billion in 2012.
 He estimates that the brokerages owned by HomeServices and NRT, the comparable business at Realogy, account for about 5 percent of closed transactions in the US.
 The IIAC has about 175 members, including bank-owned investment banks, independent securities firms and boutiques.
 Dale Cendali, a copyright specialist at Chicago’s Kirkland & Ellis LLP, told the BBC the issue of the critic’s tweeted comment was complex because while Scott owned the copyright to his tweets, by using Twitter he had “volunteered” the statement in a public fashion.
 “There will be more growth deceleration in 2014” Bullish Bets Among the 10 most-owned BHP contracts, seven were bullish, with February $70 calls having the biggest open interest.
 Alibaba, through wholly owned Perfect Advance Holding Ltd, has agreed to buy 44 billion Citic 21CN shares at 30 Hong Kong cents each, taking a 543 percent stake, Citic 21CN said in a filing to Hong Kong stock exchange yesterday evening.
 mortgage-finance system by replacing the companies with a government-owned bond reinsurer that similarly shares risk with private investors.
 Brian Johnson, an auto analyst for Barclays Plc, has said that GM has sufficient cash and liquidity to pay an annual dividend of 40 cents a share and repurchase stock in addition to buying back remaining common shares owned by the Canadian government and a union health-care trust.
 Idea, owned by billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla, plunged 72 percent, the most since May 19, 2010, to close at 15605 rupees.
 Cairn Energy operates the Pitu license, owned 30 percent by Statoil, and said today it is still considering plans to drill it.
 JinkoSolar will take over the Haining, China, facilities owned by Zhejiang Topoint Photovoltaic Co.
 The firms owned about $332 billion of local-government debt as of Sept.
 The company owned $114 billion of munis as of Sept.
 households owned IRAs in 2013, ICI data show.
 Mimosa Platinum, a Zimbabwean venture jointly owned by Aquarius Platinum Ltd.
 “There are no indications when we will get a response, but obviously we will continue to talk and engage the government” Zimbabwe’s largest platinum miner, Zimplats Holdings Ltd, 87 percent owned by Impala, said it has also filed plans.
 The Odisha project has also languished since 2005 because the local population refused to vacate government-owned land they had occupied for generations.
 transaction” Hudson’s Bay said earlier today it would sell the retail and office complex to Cadillac Fairview Corp, a Canadian real estate company owned by the Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board, and lease it back for 25 years.
 The state-owned fund, which oversees about $123 billion, will raise bond holdings to 48 percent of the total this year, from 45 percent, he said.
 6, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Gujarat Factory Suzuki Motor said it will spend 50 billion yen ($485 million) on a wholly owned factory in Gujarat, in western India.
 Kormos received a master’s degree in diplomatic relations from the University of Vienna and a doctorate in economics from the University of Budapest, according to EFinancialCareers, a website owned by New York-based Dice Holdings Inc.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial and compiles prices quoted by dealers in the privately negotiated market.
 Boardwalk Pipeline Partners LP, the natural gas transporter majority owned by Loews, slashed quarterly payments to investors 81 percent as cash flow drops.
 Net interest income after provisions at the online bank, owned by Commerzbank AG, Germany’s second-largest lender, fell to 1372 million euros ($189 million) in 2013 from 1466 million euros a year earlier, the company said in an earnings statement.
 The government-owned lender will cut its 120,000-person workforce by a quarter over the next few years, the Financial Times reported late yesterday, citing people it didn’t identify.
 The ten most-owned contracts on the iPath VIX note were puts betting on lower volatility, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Founded as part of Australia’s state-owned postal services, Telstra had a legal monopoly on phone services until 1991 and was majority owned by the government until 2006.
 In a bid to outfox Malone, Roberts worked with Bill Gates, then Microsoft Corp’s CEO, to buy up a bloc of supervoting shares owned by the company’s late founder.
 A task force appointed by President Uhuru Kenyatta last year found that the cement producer doesn’t qualify to be labeled as a state-owned company because the National Social Security Fund shares belong to its members, and not to the state.
 A case against British businessman Victor Dahdaleh, accused of paying about 40 million pounds ($67 million) in bribes to senior executives of a Bahrain-owned aluminum company, collapsed halfway through the trial in December.
 24 is owned by Scott Hansen, a Virginia Beach filmmaker.
 for five years rose as much as 335 basis points to 437 basis points, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 More than 60 percent of power stations owned by NTPC Ltd, the nation’s biggest generator, are running below capacity due to a lack of coal supply, NTPC Director AK.
 Wu warned about the handling of companies that are about to “die,” flagging risks to state-owned enterprises with high debt levels that depend on subsidies for survival, according to the report.
 Shrinking Spreads State-owned Indian Railway Finance Corp.
 Stimulus Cuts State-owned Bank of India is also planning to sell dollar bonds, hiring seven banks in December to arrange a Tier 1, Basel III-compliant sale, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 Visitors from China to Hong Kong Disneyland, part-owned by the city’s government, jumped 15 percent last year, while those from South Korea surged 27 percent, Hong Kong Disneyland Managing Director Andrew Kam told reporters today.
 Hong Kong Disneyland, 48-percent owned by Burbank, California-based Walt Disney Co, will create an area that features Marvel characters in late 2016 after new attractions including Toy Story and Grizzly Gulch helped it turn a first profit in fiscal 2012.
 The theme park has had to contend with government-owned Ocean Park, which drew 77 million visitors in the fiscal year ended June.
 Data today showed sales of previously owned US.
 In December, the nation passed a constitutional amendment to end state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos’s oil monopoly, which had been in place since the nation seized fields from US.
 WSI is owned by The Weather Co.
 The network is 46 percent owned by the Astros, 31 percent by the National Basketball Association’s Houston Rockets and 22 percent by Comcast, according to court papers.
 State-owned Air India operates about 21 services to the US.
 31, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Intellectual Ventures said in its original complaint that it owned more than 35,000 intellectual property assets, with 3,000 of those patents and patent applications coming from the company’s own efforts in what Myhrvold has characterized as invention sessions.
 Soros’s family office owned 32 million shares, or 32 percent, of the Cayman Islands-based nutritional weight loss and supplement company as of Dec.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Vevo LLC, the online service partly owned by the world’s two biggest record companies, streamed a third more music videos in 2013, with the pop star Pink’s “Just Give Me a Reason” the most-viewed clip.
 The firm, Environmental Resources Management, has come underfire from environmental groups for not disclosing the work thatone of its subsidiaries did on a project partly owned byTransCanada Corp.
 In its August 2012 “organizational conflict of interestaddendum” to an application filed to the State Department thatJune, ERM said that its affiliate Oasis Environmental Incworked on the Alaska Pipeline Project, a company jointly ownedby Exxon Mobil Corp.
 owned 27 percent.
 Along with cabinet members, ambassadors and celebrities, a state dinner brings together executives from companies ranging from multinational corporations to family-owned firms.
 Woo already has established ties in China as the leader of a family-owned private company with about 700 employees and $100 million in annual sales.
 State-owned Abu Dhabi National Oil Co, or Adnoc, took over operation of the fields and is evaluating offers from producers seeking a stake in a new concession.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Indonesia’s four state-owned builders gained in Jakarta share trading on speculation the government may boost the value of construction contracts signed last year to compensate the companies for rising costs.
 Construction stocks are among the top picks of PT Mandiri Manajemen Investasi, the asset management company owned by Indonesia’s largest bank, PT Bank Mandiri.
 State-owned KazMunaiGaz National Co.
 The unit of state-owned Aluminum Corp.
 The gauge is falling for a third consecutive day after three straight weeks of declines, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Marketed Volumes The 67 percent state-owned company, the biggest gas supplier to the UK.
 said it has reached an agreement with an Alberta aboriginal group that will pave the way for the Dover oil-sands project, a venture that’s majority owned by PetroChina Co.
 Rowe Price Group Inc, Royal Bank of Canada and IEX Group Inc, which operates a trading venue owned by institutional investors, the people said.
 ICE’s call to abandon maker-taker could face opposition from other exchanges, including Bats, the broker-owned operator of four exchanges that is challenging NYSE for the most market share.
 The state-owned investment company has held discussions with Singapore Telecommunications Ltd, two of the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
 Sales at Porsche, which became a fully owned unit of VW in August 2012, rose 15 percent to 162,100 cars last year, while Audi deliveries gained 83 percent to 158 million.
 A car dealership selling vehicles produced by Kia Motors Corp, part-owned by FIFA sponsor Hyundai Motor Co, was torched in Belo Horizonte.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- AGL Energy Ltd, Australia’s second-biggest electricity retailer, agreed to buy New South Wales state-owned power plants for A$151 billion ($137 billion), setting up a clash with the competition regulator.
 5 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai International Capital LLC, the private-equity unit owned by the emirate’s ruler, is exploring a combined sale of its three largest companies in a deal worth more than $2 billion, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 DIC, which is owned by Dubai Holding LLC, one of the emirates’ three main state-controlled holding companies, was forced to reschedule its debt after the global financial crisis froze credit markets and asset prices slumped.
 Arrow Energy Ltd, the gas producer owned by Royal Dutch Shell Plc and PetroChina Co, proposed building a fourth LNG export development in Queensland to follow projects being built by Origin, Santos Ltd.
 Astenbeck Capital Management LLC, the $35 billion fund company that is 80 percent owned by Hall and 20 percent by Occidental Petroleum Corp, lost 83 percent in its main fund, according to an investor letter obtained by Bloomberg News.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Mubadala Development Co, owned by the government of Abu Dhabi, received bids from GDF Suez and a unit of Veolia Environnement SA to buy cooling operations in the emirate, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 A deal between Minmetals, China’s biggest state-owned metals trader, and Glencore could be announced as early as this month subject to Chinese government approval, said the people, who asked not to be identified as the process is private.
 Chinalco, as the state-owned aluminum producer is known, decided to withdraw after rejecting a proposal by the Chinese government that it be a minority partner in a combined bid led by Minmetals, according to the people.
 Zuercher Kantonalbank, the biggest state-owned regional bank in Switzerland, said last week it hopes to resolve the US.
 Falcon Group is 75 percent owned by Mid Europa.
 On direct examination, Bonventre denied knowing anything about the Ponzi scheme, which prosecutors allege the group supported with millions of fake trades and false account statements that tricked customers into believing they owned securities.
 A delay would mean Paulson & Co, Fairholme Capital Management LLC and others who have been acquiring stock in the government-owned companies may have to wait a year or more to learn whether Congress will preserve some value for private shareholders or wipe out their holdings.
 SAC owned $151 billion worth of US.
 Some of the largest producers, including PT Bumi Resources, PT Berau Coal Energy and state-owned coal miner PT Tambang Batubara Bukit Asam, forecast production growth of more than 10 percent, the bank said in a report on Jan.
 Costly Loans Maruti, majority-owned by Japan’s Suzuki Motor Corp, plans to introduce the Celerio hatchback, a yet-to-be named concept SUV and a sedan.
 Investors from Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan can set up wholly owned hospitals in Chinese cities above the prefectural level, while foreign investors can set up wholly owned hospitals in special areas such as Shanghai’s free-trade zone, China’s National Health and Family Planning Commission said last month.
 Nestle said the fully owned company will become part of a new division known as Nestle Skin Health SA, which will sell products ranging from drugs to medicated soaps, sunscreens and medical devices for skin, hair and nails.
 Lufthansa Objections Deutsche Lufthansa AG urged the European Commission to block repeated subsidies of European airlines and their partial nationalization, including through state-owned foreign rivals, the German carrier said in a statement today.
 Air France, which owned 25 percent of Alitalia, late last year declined to invest further when Alitalia was seeking to raise funds, saying the Italian carrier hadn’t met its conditions.
 More than 60 percent of members of the lobby group -- which wants additional government funding for companies to set up job-training programs -- operate on indigenous owned or controlled land.
 “Work in resource projects may sometimes help, as long as the companies commit to looking after the land which is often owned by the indigenous themselves” Role Model Abbott faces challenges.
 “Water from the river that has been treated by nearby municipal treatment facilities is safe to drink” As many as 190 coal-fired generators are set to be shut by 2022, mostly because of increased regulations and competition from shale gas, according to the Edison Electric Institute, the trade group for investor-owned utilities.
 Catalonia Offices The regional government of Catalonia currently occupies 534,000 square meters (575 million square feet) of office space, 65 percent of which is owned and the rest rented at an average of 13 euros a square meter per month.
 McEwan, 56, was head of the consumer unit until he replaced Stephen Hester as chief executive officer of Britain’s biggest government-owned bank in October.
 Contracts protecting against the company’s default for five years declined 06 percentage points to 549 percent upfront, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 BOC Aviation has a portfolio of 226 owned and managed aircraft operated by airlines worldwide and another 100 planes on order, according to its website.
 The company’s fleet of owned aircraft has an average age of less than four years.
 “A lot of people still feel that GM vehicles are not especially reliable, a lot of that is based on maybe what they owned 15 years ago,” he said.
 Dan Rooney, whose family has owned the Pittsburgh Steelers since they were founded in 1933, said the New York area’s success would make owners more likely to hold the game outside in other cold-weather cities.
 Iusacell is co-owned by Mexican broadcaster Grupo Televisa SAB and by billionaire Ricardo Salinas.
 Telefonica, Televisa and Megacable also are co-investors in a company that operates a national fiber-optic network owned by the government.
 Local Production Curro, which is majority-owned by financial-services company PSG Group Ltd, will probably as much as double earnings excluding one-time items for the fiscal year through Dec.
 An offshoot of the first train line started by the British-owned Great Indian Peninsula Railway in 1853 serves the teeming suburbs that have extended to Vashi on the mainland, where Deshpande lives and works, and far beyond.
 State-owned companies are under pressure to pay special dividends to help the government cut the budget deficit and prevent a sovereign credit-rating downgrade to junk.
 The companies are 51 percent owned by billionaire Anil Ambani’s Reliance Infrastructure Ltd, with the rest controlled by the city’s government.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Treasury 10-year note yields dropped from the highest level in a week after a report showed harsh weather pushed sales of previously owned US.
 The two brands are owned by Mumbai-based Tata Motors Ltd.
 Telesat, which owns and maintains a fleet of satellites, is jointly owned by Loral Space & Communications Inc.
 Shares in the company, which is 59 percent owned by Deutsche Telekom, reversed intraday gains and fell 38 percent to 330 forint by the close in Budapest, the most since June 17.
 Avance Gas, which is owned by Stolt-Nielsen Gas, Sungas Holdings Ltd and Frontline 2012 Ltd, has six VLGCs on the water and another eight under order.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, added shares of pharmaceutical maker Gilead Sciences Inc.
 Temasek, wholly owned by Singapore’s Ministry of Finance, is the ninth-biggest state investment company, according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute website.
 SoftBank Corp, the Japanese wireless carrier controlled by billionaire Masayoshi Son, owned about 37 percent of Alibaba as of July.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- La Quinta Holdings Inc, a midprice lodging chain owned by Blackstone Group LP, plans to refinance about $21 billion of debt in preparation for an initial public offering in March, a person with knowledge of the matter said.
 Battersea Power Station Development Co, owned by Malaysian companies including SP Setia Bhd.
 PT Angkasa Pura II, the state-owned operator of Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta airport, had no comment, a spokesman said.
 The SEC put banks, hedge funds and private-equity firms on notice three years ago when it began scrutinizing how investment companies were competing to manage large pools of government-owned cash.
 Borgata is owned by MGM Resorts International and Boyd Gaming Corp.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Chrysler Group LLC, the American carmaker owned by Fiat SpA, will pay $5 billion to a United Auto Workers trust, completing the final payments that the company owed as a result of its bankruptcy.
 Fiat, which owned 585 percent of Chrysler prior to the full takeover, relies on the US.
 The seller is a company owned by Tony Apatan Go.
 OTP competes with mostly foreign-owned banks including Erste Group Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, KBC Groep NV, Intesa SanPaolo SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 The 180,000-square-meter expansion site, which has been approved for non-gambling entertainment use, is owned by a company controlled by Leong, who is also the mother of Ho’s youngest children.
 “Upon information and belief, Valuable Insights owned shares in Micron at the time of the postings,” Greenlight said in the petition.
 Soros Fund Management owned 284 million shares of New York-based JPMorgan and 228 million Citigroup shares as of Dec.
 Steel, Coal Nanjing Iron & Steel Co, partly owned by Chinese billionaire Guo Guangchang, said last month its 2018 bonds may stop trading because it could report a second year of losses.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Education Management Corp, the for-profit college chain partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, declined to its lowest level in more than seven months after lowering its fiscal 2014 profit forecast.
 The company, majority owned by carmaker PSA Peugeot Citroen, rose 32 percent today in Paris trading, while Michelin added 16 percent.
 30 filing it owned 409,087,000 shares in the gaming unit, or 763 percent of total outstanding shares.
 Other investors include “a large Chinese insurance company,” which GLP didn’t name, and Hopu Funds, backed by China’s largest state-owned companies and institutional investors, it said.
 “The partnership with these investors will help open doors to a lot of state-owned companies and strategic partners for access to land holdings,” Ming Mei, co-founder and chief executive officer of GLP said in a phone interview today.
 The heirs to former Chief Executive Officer Hiroshi Yamauchi, who owned about 10 percent of the total shares before his death in September, “desire to sell,” it said.
 A car dealership selling vehicles produced by Kia Motors Corp, part-owned by FIFA sponsor Hyundai Motor Co, was set afire in Belo Horizonte.
 Yansane has taken on the role at the same time as a government-led review into ownership of the portion of Simandou not owned by Rio nears completion.
 The network is 46 percent owned by the Astros, 31 percent by the National Basketball Association’s Houston Rockets and 22 percent by Comcast, according to court papers.
 Dish, co-owned by Ergen’s EchoStar Corp.
 and Mexican partner MVS Comunicaciones SA, has been carrying channels owned by Grupo Televisa SAB and TV Azteca SAB since September, claiming a law passed last year gives it authority to do so.
 Dish Mexico has a marketing partnership with America Movil SAB, the phone company controlled by billionaire Carlos Slim, and both companies compete with cable-TV carriers owned by Televisa.
 Primerica was previously owned by Citigroup Inc, which began selling its stake in 2010.
 The report on the state-owned news organization’s website cited an informal survey and calculations suggesting that a husband and wife earning the average per capita income would need to work for 23 years without eating and drinking to afford it.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc, the mortgage-servicer majority owned by Fortress Investment Group LLC, agreed to settle a lawsuit in New York in which it was accused of auctioning loans without notifying investors.
 Home Sales Sales of previously owned US.
 Big Sky was formerly owned by a unit of Edison International.
 owned 6 million shares in Time Warner at the end of last quarter, valued at $812 million as of yesterday.
 At Franklin Mutual Advisers LLC, which owned 46 million Time Warner Cable shares as of Sept.
 30, Chief Executive Officer Peter Langerman called the Time Warner Cable transaction “a very sensible deal” Langerman’s unit is part of San Mateo, California-based mutual fund company Franklin Resources Inc, which owned a total of 89 million shares.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Graco, owned by Atlanta-based Newell Rubbermaid Inc, isn’t including another seven models the agency requested be covered by the recall, NHTSA said today in an e-mailed statement.
 “I don’t think our employees, the wonderful people we have at the Volkswagen plant, I don’t think they fully understand the type of culture that the UAW creates inside a facility” A victory for the UAW would make the Volkswagen plant the first foreign-owned car factory in the US.
 As of the filing date, Viva Aerobus was 461 percent owned owned by Irelandia Aviation, the investment vehicle led by Declan Ryan, a founder of Ryanair Holdings Plc, Europe’s largest discount carrier.
 Owners Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and Kirkbi A/S, the investment company owned by Lego billionaire Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen, won’t sell shares, ISS said.
 Platforms owned by Tradeweb Markets LLC, ICAP Plc, GFI Group Inc.
 Satellite TV results were bolstered by the addition of complete results from Sky Deutschland, which became a majority owned subsidiary in January 2013.
 Big Sky was formerly owned by Edison Mission Group, a unit of Edison International.
 Zambia holds a 206 percent stake in KCM through state-owned mining company ZCCM Investment Holdings, while Vedanta owns the remaining 794 percent.
 AGV Logistica SA, which is owned by Tarpon Investimentos SA and Equity International, the Chicago-based investment firm founded by billionaire Sam Zell, handles Arezzo’s logistics at its warehouse space in Cajamar, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) from downtown Sao Paulo.
 The facility, which is owned by Prologis, houses rows and rows of stacked white shoe boxes for Arezzo’s Schutz line, and the company plans to start shipping its other brands from the center later this year, said Daniel Mello, manager of stored products at AGV.
 The lender, which is 33 percent-owned by the UK.
 Skepticism, Ridicule As more victors are crowned, attention is shifting away from the skepticism and ridicule that some western athletes, journalists and visitors expressed about the conditions in Sochi via Twitter Inc.
 OUI SpA, 70 percent owned by Colony, made an offer for the Risanamento shares held by banks including Intesa Sanpaolo SpA, UniCredit SpA and Sistema Holding, Milan-based Risanamento said in a statement today.
 Bombardier’s Derby site was one of several that made up state-owned British Rail Engineering Ltd.
 Suez, 36 percent owned by GDF Suez, has targeted cost cuts of 180 million euros for 2013 and a dividend equal to or more than 2012’s 65 euro cents a share.
 SoftBank owned about 37 percent of Alibaba as of July.
 The plan is to take control of T-Mobile by paying cash for the 67 percent stake owned by Deutsche Telekom, the people said.
 “China’s M&A activities were predominately coming from state-owned enterprises five to six years ago and now we’re seeing a strong emergence of private companies coming to the market,” said Sodhi.
 The state-owned company is seeking a new $2 billion term loan to partly refinance the February deal, people familiar with the matter said on Dec.
 Alestra, owned by Alfa SAB, is interested in a merger with home-phone provider Axtel SAB as a way to gain consumer users, though no talks are currently under way, said a person with knowledge of the matter.
 “We are advancing our negotiations with Pluspetrolregarding its interest to acquire the remaining stake inPetrodelta owned by Harvest,” Ramirez told reporters today at apress conference in Caracas.
 It costs the annual equivalent of about $759,000 to hedge $10 million of Puerto Rico bonds for five years through credit-default swaps, close to the highest since at least July, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Forty percent had been unemployed for one or more months since January 2009; 206 percent owned/paid mortgage on their current residence.
 inflation-linked bonds, typically owned by pension funds, drew record demand and gilts are outperforming Treasuries and Japanese government debt this year.
 Seibu Offering Seibu Holdings Inc, the Japanese hotel and rail operator part-owned by Cerberus, plans to list on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as early as April, people familiar with the matter said last month.
 They also warned that a catastrophe involving a bank-owned supertanker or power plant could jeopardize a lender’s health and leave taxpayers on the hook for a bailout.
 Platforms owned by Tradeweb Markets LLC, ICAP Plc, MarketAxess Holdings Inc, trueEX LLC and Bloomberg LP, parent of Bloomberg News, have temporarily registered with the CFTC.
 Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, owned by Blackstone Group LP, is targeting $35 billion for its next secondaries fund, more than the $29 billion gathered by the predecessor, according to a marketing e-mail.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Occidental Hotels & Resorts, the hotelier owned by billionaire Amancio Ortega and Spain’s second-largest bank, has attracted interest from companies including AMResorts and Playa Hotels & Resorts, two people with knowledge of the matter said.
 He also worked from 2005 to 2007 as chief financial officer at Monte Cristalina SA, a holding company owned by Joao Alves de Queiroz Filho, founder and the biggest shareholder of Hypermarcas SA, the Sao Paulo-based consumer-goods maker.
 In Japan, a total of 366 billion yen worth of heath-care properties are owned by J-REITs and Singapore-based Parkway Life Real Estate Investment Trust, a government report showed.
 A unit of Daiwa Securities Group Inc, Japan’s second-largest brokerage, said in December it will set up a health-care REIT by the middle of 2014, while Shinsei Bank Ltd, the Japanese bank partly owned by J.
 “This is a signal the federal government has money to bring to the table” Chrysler, owned by Fiat SpA, is asking for contributions of at least 20 percent, or C$460 million, from both levels of government to upgrade the minivan plant and for new research and development, the National Post reported on Feb.
 Crew Group Inc, the retailer owned by TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP, is seeking a $157 billion loan to refinance debt, according to a person with knowledge of the transaction.
 The stations are free-to-air channels owned by PT Visi Media Asia.
 In January, a Laureate-owned school there was stripped of its accreditation after losing an appeal, cutting its access to government loans for new students.
 Among the seven most-owned Target options, five were bullish.
 The Chinese team is owned by developer Evergrande Real Estate Group Ltd.
 Vodacom, 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, is expanding in newer, high-growth territories such as Mozambique and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Co, Vietnam’s only privately owned airline, last week signed an order for 100 Airbus planes.
 Chevron owned the third-largest acreage in the Marcellus Shale as of the third quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 PT Pertamina, Indonesia’s state-owned oil and gas company, signed a 20-year contract in December to buy LNG from Cheniere, which plans to build a second export terminal in Corpus Christi, Texas.
 “This made discussions on a possible settlement difficult and left AMCU with no option but to continue with strike action” Disperse Workers A union official died yesterday after South African police used rubber bullets and stun grenades to disperse striking workers at the Union mine owned by Amplats, as the world’s largest producer is known, in the northern Limpopo province.
 Schaeffler, jointly owned by Maria-Elisabeth Schaeffler and her son Georg Schaeffler, is still struggling to reduce debt from an attempt spearheaded by Geissinger to buy a limited stake in Continental that backfired amid the global recession of 2008.
 Odigeo, the online travel agency owned by Permira Advisers LLP and Ardian, is planning an IPO in the first half of this year, people familiar with the matter have said.
 BOC Aviation has a portfolio of 226 owned and managed aircraft operated by airlines worldwide and another 100 planes on order, according to its website.
 747 were banned because of concerns that passengers may desert state-owned Air India Ltd.
 Faurecia, 52 percent owned by PSA Peugeot Citroen, is expanding in Asia and North America to lower reliance on Europe, where industrywide car sales are at a two-decade low.
 Gecas, as the leasing division is known, has a fleet of more than 1,620 owned and serviced aircraft.
 “We’re losing about 200 million rand a day in lost exports and that’s not taking into account any of the other costs in the value chain” RBCT is targeting record exports in 2014, according to its Chief Executive Officer Nosipho Siwisa-Damasane, after South Africa’s state-owned rail company Transnet SOC Holdings Ltd.
 Nedbank, the Johannesburg-based lender owned by Old Mutual Plc, fell 05 percent to pare its gains over the past year to 49 percent.
 SoftBank Corp, the Japanese wireless carrier controlled by billionaire Masayoshi Son, owned about 37 percent of Alibaba as of July.
 “Water from the river that has been treated by nearby municipal treatment facilities is safe to drink” As many as 190 coal-fired generators are set to be shut by 2022, mostly because of increased regulations and competition from shale gas, according to the Edison Electric Institute, the trade group for investor-owned utilities.
 The bourse is engaging the government about selling the state’s stake in at least 10 companies that have been earmarked for offloading, including Mbeya Cement Co, which is partly owned by Paris-based Lafarge SA, the domestic unit of India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd.
 Unlike stock exchanges, futures markets have historically owned their own clearinghouse where trades are processed daily, meaning investors have to enter and exit their transactions at the same place.
 We just do not agree” Soros Fund Soros Fund Management owned a 99 percent stake in ClickSoftware, according to a regulatory filing as of Sept.
 slumped in January by the most in almost three years and sales of previously owned homes dropped to the fewest since July 2012.
 30 filing it owned 409,087,000 shares in the gaming unit, or 763 percent of total outstanding shares.
 Nazi Victim The Impressionist canvas was originally owned by Max Silberberg, a Jewish industrialist who was forced by the Nazis to sell his prized collection of 19th and 20th century art.
 The future of the smelter, 60 percent owned by Alcoa, has been under review since February 2012.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Siemens AG, Europe’s largest engineering company, won a contract to supply 28 turbines to a wind project in Texas that’s majority owned by BlackRock Inc.
 Mineralogy, owned by Australian politician Clive Palmer, leased land in Western Australia to Citic Pacific, controlled by China’s biggest state-owned investment company, to construct the iron-ore mine.
 Palmer said he welcomed the decision, claiming the Chinese government-owned companies “occupied the port” and shipped resources out of Australia without paying full consideration in accordance with their contracts.
 “I have stood firm against these Chinese-owned companies,” Palmer said in the e-mailed statement today.
 “India has plans to develop some of the biggest solar projects in the world,” including a proposed 4-gigawatt park by a group of state-owned companies, Sethia said.
 Oman Oil Refineries & Petroleum Industries Co, a state-owned company, is seeking $3 billion to help finance an upgrade.
 In the US, a National Association of Realtors report showed that purchases of previously owned homes fell 51 percent in January to a 462 million annual pace.
 Tension between Sanusi and Jonathan intensified late last year when he wrote to the president alleging the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp.
 (EPW) made final bids for two state-owned power plantsbeing sold in Australia that may fetch more than A$15 billion($13 billion), said three people with knowledge of the matter.
 and is majority owned by India’s Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
 31 it owned 345 percent of the company and closed its 70 rand a share offer.
 Beckham is in negotiations with Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez and the county commission to lease county-owned land for a 25,000-seat privately financed stadium.
 “Too many things to ridiculecan’t even finishThe battle nation being so cheap, does Putin know?” according to a message by a newspaper owned by the Hangzhou Daily Press Group.
 Loewen Play GmbH, the German amusement arcade operator owned by AXA Private Equity, is debuting 235 million euros of seven-year high-yield bonds.
 Creditanstalt, the Austrian lender founded by a member of the Rothschild family in 1855 and whose successor is now owned by UniCredit SpA, declared its insolvency in May 1931.
 It plans to put the remaining 19 billion euros of assets into a state-owned “bad bank” after its plan failed to bring other Austrian banks including Erste Group Bank AG and Raiffeisen Bank International AG on board.
 The number of foreign-owned Swiss banks fell to 129 by the end of May 2013 from 145 at the start of 2012, according to the Association of Foreign Banks in Switzerland.
 The family-owned handbag manufacturer was founded in 1927 by Aldo Furlanetto, whose daughter Giovanna is now the company’s president.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Companies owned by billionaires including Kumar Mangalam Birla that plan to develop a coal field in central India risk losing their license on allegations they forced villagers to consent to mining.
 have declined 120 basis points this year to 404 basis points through yesterday, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 The UAW vote, which would make the Volkswagen plant the first foreign-owned car factory in the US.
 It has privileged access to state-owned land, which it auctions to real-estate developers for a share in the revenue generated.
 Royal KPN NV slipped 23 percent to 261 euros after America Movil SAB said in its annual report that it owned 271 percent of the Dutch telecommunications operator at the end of December.
 It was placed by Tilawind Corp, jointly owned by New Tessela and Gruman Resources, both of which develop renewable energy projects in Costa Rica and the wider region, Vestas said.
 Purchases of previously owned homes probably declined in January, according to a Bloomberg survey, as higher mortgage rates at the end of 2013 restrained momentum in the housing-market recovery.
 Air France KLM, which has 37 billion euros in cash, in November declined to participate in a planned capital increase at Italian carrier Alitalia SpA, in which it owned a 25 percent stake, saying the necessary financial restructuring measures hadn’t been met.
 Telus was established in 1990 with the privatization of provincially owned Alberta Government Telephones in what was at that point, the largest initial public offering in Canada, raising C$896 million ($815 million), according to Telus’s website.
 At least 82 illegal miners died at a disused mineshaft owned by Harmony, South Africa’s third-largest gold producer, in Free State province in 2009.
 South Africa’s deadliest mining incident was in 1960, when 437 miners were killed at the Coalbrook North Colliery after being trapped by a rock fall, according to the website of state-owned power utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 Warburg Pincus, which has an $11 billion global private equity fund, is looking at assets owned by small mining firms in addition to the unwanted projects of the major companies, said Peter Kukielski, who was appointed executive-in-residence at Warburg Pincus last week to focus on mining investments.
 A firm owned by Guggenheim Partners LLC shareholders completed the purchase in August after agreeing to set up a trust account with $200 million to replenish capital if it fell below required levels.
 “The fault lies with an incompetent state-owned company that couldn’t deliver” Power regulator Aneel has fined Chesf 12 million reais for its wind transmission delays.
 VW currently controls 626 percent of Scania’s capital via its direct holding and a stake owned by MAN.
 Porsche, owned by Volkswagen AG, expects robust growth in premium SUV sales in the next decade and is considering a GTS performance version of the Macan, Mueller said.
 Volvo Cars, the Swedish brand owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, ranked eighth, down from sixth, followed by GM’s Cadillac and Bayerische Motoren Werke AG’s BMW.
 The lowest-ranked brands were Jaguar and Land Rover, British luxury lines owned by India’s Tata Motors Ltd, and Fiat SpA’s Maserati, according to Consumer Reports.
 The state-owned enterprise, which holds investments in power, coal, food and agriculture, posted operating revenue of 891 billion yuan for that year.
 The contracts have now mostly been taken over by state-owned SFIL.
 “There’s probably another week or two before the weather story is over” Sales of previously owned US.
 31, LightSquared said that it sought to reach a consensus on a new plan with SP Special Opportunities LLC, or SPSO, a fund owned by Ergen.
 The fine comes as other banks including state-owned Bankia SA are being forced to compensate clients for improperly selling customers complex securities they may not have understood.
 Since the European bailout forced losses on junior bondholders in Bankia -- many of whom were depositors unaware they also owned the securities -- the government has moved to restrict sales of similar products to retail investors.
 Disney is “one of the most powerful special interests around,” said Etan Mark, a lawyer for Miami Jai-Alai, a casino with 1,000 slot machines owned by Florida Gaming Corp.
 The family-owned business is looking to Russia and Sweden for profit growth as sales tax increases at home put a lid on demand for its scissors and hair irons.
 Chrysler, owned by Fiat SpA, is asking for at least a C$700 million contribution from government for upgrades to facilities including the minivan plant and for new research and development, the Globe and Mail reported today.
 Huai River Investment Ltd, a wholly owned unit of Tencent, purchased new shares in Dianping Holdings Ltd, the Shenzhen, China-based company said yesterday, without specifying the value of the transaction.
 The request for bids will be made to “numerous” makers of the tank cars, said Roxanne Butler, a spokeswoman for BNSF, which is owned by Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 Among the companies that will get a request for proposals, known as an RFP, is Union Tank Car, which is also owned by Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire Hathaway, Butler said.
 The 50-year-old executive chairman informed the board of the judge’s decision to charge him over his 2009 appointment to head Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne, two customer-owned lenders that then merged to form France’s second-biggest bank by branches, BPCE said in a statement today.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Business Wire, the distributor of press releases owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, will stop letting high-speed trading firms purchase direct access to its service.
 31, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 and a renewable developer partially owned by Electricite de France SA’s clean-energy unit were among the biggest winners in India’s first national auction of solar permits since 2012.
 ACME Solar Energy Ltd, 25 percent-owned by EDF Energies Nouvelles, took at least 80 megawatts.
 low-cost carrier partly owned by UK.
 Before the capital increase was agreed, Adidas and Audi each owned 91 percent of the club.
 Sesa, owned by billionaire Anil Agarwal, has an inventory of as much as 65 million tons of iron ore in Goa, Mukherjee said.
 “We have been given this incredible investment opportunity which is the secular rotation out of the banking world and into the investment world, and the primary products that are coming are credit” CLO Manager The firm last year owned debt of companies including First Data Corp, Laureate Education Inc.
 Similarly, Nanjing Iron & Steel Co, partly owned by Chinese billionaire Guo Guangchang, said last month its 2018 bonds may stop trading because it too could report a second year of losses.
 Sales of commercial-property loans and real estate-owned sales totaled 303 billion euros in Europe last year, according to a Feb.
 A board inquiry into McClendon’s use of personal stakes in company-owned wells to obtain more than $800 million in private loans cleared him of wrongdoing a year ago.
 “If you want to issue a card locally in China, denominated in the local currency, it has to be issued by a Chinese-owned company called China UnionPay,” said Scharf, 48.
 The probe focuses on the non-profit Noos Institute he headed, which received public funds, and Aizoon SL, a shell company he owned equally with his wife that received money from Noos, according to court documents.
 The vibe and energy level is high” Pratt’s haul at the show included engines for 15 A320neos ordered by Bank of China-owned BOC, plus the Air Costa planes.
 Telus was established in 1990 with the privatization of provincially owned Alberta Government Telephones in what was at that point, the largest initial public offering in Canada, raising C$896 million ($815 million), according to Telus’s website.
 For competitive reasons, Invitation Homes doesn’t disclose specific data such as number of homes owned or occupancy rates, said Gallina, a spokesman for the company.
 Highest Incomes American Homes 4 Rent, the largest single-family rental company after Blackstone, owned 1,443 homes in the Chicago region, valued at $211 million, in the third quarter.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s ports and rail operator, said it’s battling mining companies for influence over coal export port access as their dominance shuts out small black-owned producers.
 The state-owned company, which is based in Johannesburg, is considering the construction of its own export facility on South Africa’s east coast near the privately-owned Richards Bay Coal Terminal, the biggest standalone coal facility in the world, to create extra capacity for black-owned exporters.
 Transnet, which transports coal to the facility from mines in Mpumalanga province and the Waterberg region in northern South Africa, says the control by the shareholders of RBCT limits access for small, black-owned producers.
 About 186 million metric tons of coal were sold domestically that year, mostly to state-owned utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, while 76 million tons were exported through RBCT and other ports.
 They allocated only 4 million tons for about 21 small miners, who are saying that’s not enough” The Transnet CEO clashed with BHP last year when the Melbourne, Australia-based mining company declined to give up an additional 1 million tons of capacity to black-owned companies, according to Molefe.
 Transnet also faces the challenge of limited power supply from state-owned Eskom.
 12, and is up 111 basis points this year, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Cerrejon, jointly owned by BHP Billiton Ltd, Anglo American Plc.
 Marshall Hunn of Lubbock sued the company in federal court in Texas in May 2012, claiming he owned the copyrights to the plans for several homes Dan Wilson built.
 The stock has declined 87 percent this year, valuing the saddle-maker part-owned by rival LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA at 254 billion euros.
 TUI sank 54 percent to 1302 euros after Monteray, which is owned by billionaire John Fredriksen, sold the 157 percent stake for 521 million euros ($713 million).
 Sales of commercial-property loans and real estate-owned sales totaled 303 billion euros in Europe last year, according to a Feb.
 He also worked from 2005 to 2007 as chief financial officer at Monte Cristalina SA, a holding company owned by Joao Alves de Queiroz Filho, founder and the biggest shareholder of Hypermarcas SA, the Sao Paulo-based consumer-goods maker.
 Hydro-Quebec, the provincially owned utility, plans to have about 75 terawatt-hours of excess power between 2014 and 2023, the documents show.
 Fortum invested 40 million euros in the plant in Naantali, southern Finland, to be built by Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy, which is nearly half owned by Fortum, the Espoo-based utility said.
 Stavanger-based Statoil, which is 67 percent owned by the state, controls more than 70 percent of Norway’s production after merging with Norsk Hydro ASA’s oil unit in 2007.
 The state-owned utility made the request earlier the same day under the so-called declaration of emergency protocol after four generating units went down for maintenance and power imports dropped.
 Still, the carrier plans to rethink its short-haul operations to reflect the impact of new domestic rivals such as Saudi Gulf and Qatar Airways Ltd-owned Al Maha Airlines.
 of Zambia agreed with Grindrod Ltd, a South African transportation company, to build a $989 million railroad connecting mines owned by Canada’s Barrick Gold Corp.
 Berkshire’s Stake Berkshire owns about 28 percent of USG’s outstanding shares, and there are still $75 million of convertible notes owned by Berkshire and Fairfax, said Robert Williams, a USG spokesman.
 Taqa, as the Abu Dhabi government-owned utility is known, said the reverse-osmosis facility that removes salt and contaminants from water through semi-permeable membranes will have a capacity of 30 million imperial gallons a day when completed.
 The bribery scandal threatens Ecclestone’s control of the international motor-racing championship he has owned or run since 1995.
 “Instead of going big, we’re going small” Unlike competing auto ads released prior to the game, Honda’s low-key commercial has no special effects or elaborate plot -- such as those used to promote Jaguar, the British luxury sports-car brand owned by Tata Motors Ltd, Kia Motors Corp’s new K 900 luxury sedan or Volkswagen AG’s VW models.
 Investors that have owned the stock of a target company for at least two years would be granted a second voting right for each share held.
 Anyone attempting to buy a Quebec-based company through a hostile bid would not be allowed to exercise voting rights attached to the shares it owned after the offer was announced.
 Similarly, funds owned by Apollo Global Management LLC teamed up with Hamburg-based ship manager Rickmers Group to invest as much as $500 million in container vessels.
 supermarket chain owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, reported weaker fourth-quarter revenue amid a slowing grocery market and a shift by consumers toward discounters such as Aldi and Lidl.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Borealis AG would consider an acquisition in a new field as Chief Executive Officer Mark Garrett looks to extend the Abu Dhabi-owned company further beyond its heritage in basic polymers.
 The town is home to the Wentworth Golf Club, set to host this year’s PGA Championship, as well as properties owned by musicians Cliff Richard and Elton John.
 AutoNavi, which is 28 percent owned by Alibaba, said the bid will be considered and no decision had been made.
 SoftBank Corp, the Japanese wireless carrier controlled by billionaire Masayoshi Son, owned about 37 percent of Alibaba as of July.
 Fredriksen, whose investments span oil tankers and fish farms, has owned a stake since 2007.
 Baskin Robbins, owned by Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc, created a special low-fat ice cream branded Sochi 2014, spokesman Mikhail Faynberg said.
 United, owned by the US-based Glazer family, was recently passed by Bayern Munich as soccer’s third-richest club by sales, according to research by Deloitte LLP.
 The government has been searching for a formula to rescue about 364 miles of insolvent highway concessions owned by builders including Ferrovial SA, Sacyr SA and Actividades de Construccion y Servicios SA.
 owned the plant and the state of Alaska held the land beneath it, Brose said.
 also owned refineries in Alaska as of Jan.
 At least 82 illegal miners died at a disused mineshaft owned by the company, South Africa’s third-largest gold producer, in 2009.
 It is followed by Kuveyt Turk Katilim Bankasi AS, Turkiye Finans Katilim Bankasi AS and Albaraka Turk, the bank majority-owned by Bahrain’s Albaraka Banking Group.
 “The bank has seen relentlessly negative news flow, a run on deposits and significant withdrawals from state-owned companies,” CF Global’s Rimmer said.
 On the northwestern part of the island, a Johnson & Johnson-owned plant that makes blood-testing devices for diabetics seeks to add 308 people.
 Output by Namdeb Diamond Corp, which is jointly owned by the Namibian government and Anglo American Plc’s De Beers, rose 6 percent 176 million carats in 2013.
 “Will this be the path taken by the new entity?” KCG Holdings Inc, which was formed when Getco LLC bought Knight, as well as Goldman Sachs and Citadel each owned almost 20 percent of Direct Edge and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- The United Auto Workers could be forced to reconsider its efforts to organize at foreign-owned factories in the US, a labor expert said, as the union vowed to keep fighting after losing a closely watched vote at Volkswagen AG’s Tennessee plant.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- A Volkswagen AG plant in Tennessee is poised to become the first foreign-owned car factory in the US.
 “Essentially the UAW, which has for years been trying to make inroads into foreign-owned plants, finally has a foreign-owned plant it can organize,” Gary Chaison, a labor law professor at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts, said in an interview.
 The Chattanooga plant would be the first wholly owned foreign manufacturer to join, according to the union.
 Wacker Chemie is majority-owned by the founding family’s holding company, Dr.
 annuities unit for $135 billion last year to a firm owned by New York-based Guggenheim Partners LLC shareholders.
 Picower, whom Picard called the biggest beneficiary of Madoff’s scheme, had a heart attack and drowned in a pool in Florida in October 2009.
 mortgage-finance system by replacing the companies with a government-owned bond reinsurer, a model that similarly shares risk with private investors.
 He said NPS has looked to Temasek Holdings Pte, the Singapore state-owned investment firm with about 70 percent of its holdings overseas, for ideas on how to expand abroad.
 It hasn’t yet seen any buying opportunities among state-owned firms seeking to unload assets as they cut debt, he said.
 z oo, which is owned by billionaire Zygmunt Solorz-Zak.
 Revenue for hotels owned, leased and held in joint ventures declined to $416 million from $418 million.
 as the insurer majority-owned by Loews Corp.
 De Beers, owned by Anglo American Plc, today reported a 12 percent increase in annual diamond production to 312 million carats.
 intends to get as much as 15 percent of its energy from solar power to reduce reliance for electricity supplies to its mines from South Africa’s state-owned Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 Sibanye last year agreed to buy a majority stake in the Cooke operations of Gold One International Ltd, which is owned by Chinese consortium BCX Gold.
 The deal will double Kite’s shopping-center holdings to about 20 million square feet (19 million square meters) owned, with 131 properties in 26 states.
 The Winklevosses owned about $10 million in Bitcoins, or 1 percent of the outstanding amount, when they filed their initial application.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Omni Capital, the property-finance company owned by luxury-apartment developer Christian Candy, plans to lend as much as 600 million pounds ($978 million) this year as the UK.
 Candy & Candy Ltd, the interior-design company owned by Christian and his brother Nick, plans to license its brand name for luxury-residential projects and apartments linked to hotels, the company said in a separate statement today.
 Issuance of securities linked to the bonds of the Chinese government or state-owned lenders jumped to $148 million this year compared with $20 million in the same period of 2013, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Sanusi’s concern that reserves are being eroded prompted him to question the state-owned oil company about alleged missing revenue.
 in New York, according to prices compiled by data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Light oil from Husky’s White Rose field offshore Newfoundland and Labrador is now approved for use by state-owned refineries in India, Ghosh said.
 Nykredit’s main shareholder is a cooperative owned by borrowers.
 Citic Pacific, a Hong Kong-based steelmaker controlled by China’s biggest state-owned investment company, fell 55 percent on Oct.
 Mortality Rates Survival rates still haven’t recovered for the herds owned by Rowles, who as a 14-year-old high school student started selling pigs that he raised in his father’s barn to pay college tuition.
 There were 145 Manhattan residences listed for more than $20 million last year, the most in records dating to 2005, according to data from StreetEasycom, a real estate website owned by Zillow Inc.
 The government-owned bank also plans to exit most of its US.
 They don’t see light at the end of the tunnel” Beyond the collapse of demand, the obstacles are a lingering lack of private trust in the public market because it used to stage strikes twice a year; internal resistance within companies that have private fleets to giving those up; and a lack of big organizations in the public-trucking fleet, which is owned by more than 29,000 truckers, he says.
 Land Grab David Jones’s fully owned properties might even draw private-equity acquirers for the whole company, analysts have said.
 Sinopec led gains by state-owned energy companies including PetroChina Ltd.
 said Sinopec’s sale will boost the nation’s stock market as investors anticipate more state-owned enterprises will enact reforms.
 Productivity at China’s government-owned firms has trailed that of private companies the past three decades, the World Bank said in February 2012.
 won a no-bid contract to farm sugar on state-owned land, its top lobbyist and president met with Governor Rick Scott in the home of King Juan Carlos of Spain.
 In exchange for providing land for the cleanup, Florida Crystals received a no-bid lease to farm state-owned property near the Everglades.
 “If we have to compete for scarce resources against Rio Tinto, our goose is cooked” HudBay has also signed confidentiality agreements with state-owned companies in Asia that may be interested in investing in the company or cooperating on projects.
 “China’s state-owned companies, energy industry included, have come to a crossroads,” said Lin Boqiang, director of Energy Economics Research Center at Xiamen University and an adviser to China’s National Energy Commission who has studied the economy and energy industry for two decades.
 “Sinopec’s move marked the beginning of a large-scale reform that may sweep across all strongholds of state-owned enterprises” Potential Investors State-controlled CNPC and Beijing-based Sinopec didn’t name potential investors or what form the investments will take.
 On broker-owned dark pools, customers’ orders are executed privately instead of being sent to public exchanges.
March 17 (Bloomberg) -- Lloyds Banking Group Plc, the UK’s second-biggest publicly owned lender, pledged to provide 1 billion pounds ($17 billion) of loans to small- and medium-sized firms this year as the economy recovers.
 co-sponsor project; state-owned utility, Electricity de Mozambique and local investor Whatana Investment Group are minority shareholders * Korean GS Engineering & Construction awarded engineering, procurement and construction of Moatize; ACWA Power’s wholly owned subsidiary, NOMAC to operate and maintain plant *NOTE: Riyadh-based ACWA Power owned by Saudi investors; govt pension funds and state-owned Sanabil investment co.
 Since then, the price of a five-year-old MR tanker, the type owned by Ross’s Diamond S Shipping Group Inc, rose 04 percent to $289 million, according to the Baltic Exchange in London.
 Paris-based Orange’s 15-member board includes two administrators named by the state and a representative of government-owned investment fund BpiFrance, as well as three representatives for workers and one for shareholder-employees.
 The state holds 27 percent of the former government-owned phone monopoly.
 At the corner of NGL Road and LPG Road inside the complex, workers are preparing the ground for Phillips 66’s first wholly owned fractionator, which by 2015 will be able to convert about 100,000 barrels a day of mixed NGLs into ethane, propane, butane and natural gasoline.
 It gave the go-ahead to Moray Offshore Renewables Ltd, a joint venture between Repsol SA and EDP Renovaveis SA, and to the Beatrice offshore wind farm, which is 75-percent owned by SSE Plc and a quarter-owned by SeaEnergy Renewables Ltd.
 Vitol Group, the world’s largest independent oil trader, is entirely owned by its executives with none owning more than 5 percent.
 Trafigura Ownership Trafigura, which says it’s the world’s second-largest metals trader and third-biggest independent oil trader, is also owned by a group of senior managers and employees.
 conservatorship, would be unwound and replaced by a lender-owned securities issuer under a proposal by US.
 The new notes are graded B2 by Moody’s Investors Service, which today changed its outlook on KB Home to “positive” from “stable” KB Home, which mostly focuses on first-time home buyers, issued the debt as data showed purchases of previously-owned homes in the US.
 Alfa, which has won service contracts with Petroleos Mexicanos, the Mexican state-owned oil company, said last month that Newpek’s prospects have improved with President Enrique Pena Nieto’s constitutional changes in energy law.
 The measure is also on track for its highest close since March 20, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Her father had become an internationally renowned yachtsman with the fortune he had earned marketing the oral antiseptic -- Listerine -- that his father had invented.
 stock by swapping the shares for assets owned by the former Washington Post publisher, according to a March 12 regulatory filing outlining terms.
 The gauge is on course for its highest close since March 3, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Emerging Sovereign Group LLC, the $5 billion hedge-fund firm majority-owned by Carlyle Group LP, is betting attempts by Turkey’s central bank will be too little, too late to stem a currency slide.
 Qualcomm is largely absent from devices on China Mobile’s network because the state-owned carrier adopted a related system it said was developed locally.
 World Phone The decision by China Mobile, majority-owned by the government, is driven by the inclusion of Qualcomm’s LTE technology into handsets sold by local manufacturers such as Xiaomi Corp.
 RBS is Britain’s biggest state-owned lender, while Sumitomo Mitsui is Japan’s second-biggest bank by market value.
March 12 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railway Co, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, is leading an effort by US.
 “Nobody has made any movement” Workers downed tools in 2012 for higher wages as they defected from the National Union of Mineworkers to eventually join the rival AMCU.
 Among the five most-owned contracts, four were bullish.
 bought Blyth Eastman Dillon and turned it into a wholly owned unit, Blyth Eastman Dillon Paine Webber Inc.
 and Extended Stay America Inc, co-owned with Centerbridge Partners LP and Paulson & Co, have both jumped since their trading debuts.
 The previous series ended last week at 1245 basis points, according to prices from CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 San Miguel Brewery Inc, which controls about 90 percent of the nation’s beer market and is 51 percent owned by San Miguel, in February said profit last year fell 17 percent to 125 billion pesos as sales dropped following a tax increase.
 Among the 10 most-owned AT&T options, eight were bullish.
 The models will start to hit the market in 2016, and high-end versions will be equipped with motors developed by Ferrari, the Fiat-owned supercar maker, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 “He’s quite representative of this French elite that navigates from state-owned companies to positions in the government,” said Bernard Jullien, an economist at French automotive think tank Gerpisa.
 “Most people were expecting stronger pickup in housing this year that would lift the economy into a stronger growth pattern, and that isn’t happening” Contracts to buy previously owned homes fell for an eighth straight month in February, the Realtors group said today.
 Fox Sports has owned Formula One rights for Latin America for the last decade, Davies said.
 Increased risk of outflows from the “heavily” foreign-owned local bonds, uncertainty around commodity prices and fewer signs of a “real turnaround in the country’s fiscal situation” add to the cedi’s weaker outlook, Giulia Pellegrini, sub-Saharan Africa economist at JPMorgan, said in a report yesterday.
 28 that as much as $400 million was misappropriated during the course of the alleged fraud, which was tied to loans backed by payments from state-owned oil producer Petroleos Mexicanos, known as Pemex.
 The agreement with Travelport, which is owned by buyout firm Blackstone Group LP and also works with EasyJet and Air-France-KLM Group discount unit Transavia, does not preclude deals with other global distribution providers such as Amadeus IT Holding SA and Sabre Inc, Jacobs said.
 The company said today that it expects passenger numbers at its majority-owned airports outside Frankfurt to rise by an average 5 percent this year, compared with 2 percent to 3 percent growth in Frankfurt.
 Deutsche Bahn AG, Germany’s state-owned rail operator, said it’s deploying all available trains to help travelers reach their destinations.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Numericable SA’s proposed merger with SFR, the French phone carrier owned by Vivendi SA, would probably avoid a lengthy antitrust challenge because of little overlap in businesses, people familiar with the matter said.
 28 of that year, ESL’s $285 million of Sears commercial paper was the largest portion owned by the fund over five years.
 She is chairman and founder of TV production company Shine Group Ltd, which is owned by Fox.
 and Pixar’s relationship, in which the computer-animation studio operates independently even though it’s owned by Disney, he said.
 Although several justices suggested skepticism about disputed financial-services patents owned by an Australian company, the session ended with no clear consensus on broader principles.
 Limiting Risk The case concerns claims that CLS Bank International, a New York-based provider of settlement services, infringed patents owned by Melbourne-based Alice Corp.
 Alice, which is partially owned by National Australia Bank Ltd, said the abstract-idea exception to patent eligibility is a narrow one.
 Voting shares of state-owned Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA, a power utility, declined 03 percent to 575 reais.
 Fortum agreed in December to sell its Finnish grid to a company part-owned by Borealis for about $35 billion, part of a plan to exit network assets in favor of a focus on generators.
March 17 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator, picked four companies to supply new locomotives as part of a $47 billion investment to renew its aging fleet and boost capacity.
 “It is going to assist us tremendously not only in road-to-rail strategy, but also helping with building South Africa’s industrial capacity” To create jobs and develop expertise, South African state-owned companies in the past favored suppliers who committed to manufacturing major parts of their offerings domestically.
 Amsterdam-based VimpelCom and Pakistan Telecommunication, part-owned by Abu Dhabi-based Emirates Telecommunications Corp, or Etisalat, held talks to buy the business as they sought to consolidate their existing operations in the south-Asian country, the people said.
March 8 (Bloomberg) -- A Guinean review into ownership of the biggest untapped iron-ore deposit has recommended seizing mining rights owned by a venture of Beny Steinmetz’s company BSG Resources Ltd.
 The Summer Wind, a Liberian-flagged vessel owned by Sea Galaxy Marine SA, was operated by Cleopatra Shipping Agency Ltd, said Greg Beuerman, a spokesman for the Joint Information Center responding to the spill.
 said it will seek the approval of minority shareholders on parent Suzuki Motor Corp’s plan to build a fully-owned factory in the state of Gujarat amid investor calls to scrap the proposal.
 Suzuki Motor owned 5621 percent of Maruti as of Dec.
 “We wish to remind you of your fiduciary duty and urge you to carry out the Gujarat project under the ownership of MSIL” The production of cars by a Suzuki-owned subsidiary would lead to lower earnings than from cars manufactured by Maruti directly, Ashvin Shetty and Ritu Modi, analysts at Ambit Capital, wrote in a research note on Feb.
 Reliance Infrastructure Ltd, a power producer owned by billionaire Anil Ambani, soared the most in two years.
 WSOPcom, an online gaming site that operates in New Jersey and is owned by Caesars Interactive Entertainment Inc, will have a brand presence at Rangers’ games in Madison Square Garden and on the team’s website, the partners said in a joint news release.
 The Rangers are owned by Madison Square Garden Co, which also owns the New York Knicks.
 Ore from the mine is being transported to the McClean Lake mill, which is owned by Areva SA.
 Cigar Lake is 50 percent owned by Cameco, 37 percent by France’s Areva, 5 percent by Tepco Resources Inc.
 The latest case concerns claims that CLS Bank International, a New York-based provider of settlement services, infringed patents owned by Melbourne-based Alice Corp.
 Alice, which is partially owned by National Australia Bank Ltd, said the abstract-idea exception to patent-eligibility is a narrow one, covering only “fundamental truths,” such as mathematical formulas.
 Bombardier signed a letter of intent in August to sell Russia’s state-owned Rostekhnologii as many as 100 Q400 turboprop aircraft valued at about $34 billion, based on list prices.
 “We’re really just one step removed from this being a tightly controlled, almost family-owned business,” Brad Thomas, a New York-based analyst at KeyCorp, said in a phone interview.
 The government raised retail natural gas prices and signaled it will start allowing private companies to invest in areas traditionally dominated by state-owned giants.
 PetroChina and its state-owned parent China National Petroleum Corp.
 The company is owned by GTCR Golder Rauner LLC and Madison Dearborn Partners LLC.
 Walnut Creek is ultimately owned by Peter Kiewit Sons Inc, according to Bloomberg data.
 Venture-capital investor Khosla Ventures IV LP owned more than 70 percent of the preferred stock, along with 155 percent of the common stock.
 Sbarro, based in Melville, New York, owned or franchised 1,045 restaurants in 42 countries when the bankruptcy began.
 Of the total, 472 were owned at the time.
 The Alstom employees hired consultants to funnel “hundreds of thousands of dollars” to a member of the Indonesian Parliament and officials of a state-owned electricity company, according to prosecutors.
 plans to sell about $4 billion of shares to restore its public float after absorbing assets from state-owned parent Citic Group Corp, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 “The deal is consistent with the theme of state-owned enterprise reform, as one of the reform’s purposes is to increase securitization of national assets,” analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc, including Janet Lu, wrote in a report today.
 National Reform Citic Group joins other state-owned enterprises in making more of its businesses available to outside investors.
 Beijing-based Citic Group, China’s first state-owned investment corporation, was set up in 1979 as part of paramount leader Deng’s push to modernize and open up China’s state-controlled economy.
 Fast Car Babikian owned a Bugatti Veyron -- the cars cost more than $1 million and take 25 seconds to hit 60 miles (966 kilometers) per hour -- as well as a Bentley and Lamborghini, according to documents from Revenue Quebec, the province’s tax authority.
 AwesomePennyStocks promoted at least 39 companies since 2009, according to e-mails sent to investors and reviewed by Bloomberg News They included Calgary-based mining firms and a company in Scottsdale, Arizona, that owned medical-marijuana dispensaries.
March 19 (Bloomberg) -- Air Berlin Plc, the German airline part-owned by Persian Gulf carrier Etihad Airways PJSC, rose almost 15 percent at the close in Frankfurt after postponing an earnings release pending a possible transaction.
 The show last week also said that a business owned by Gohigh Data Networks Technology Co.
 Her company, which is owned by the Chinese government, has learned that quickly providing adaptable solutions is needed to succeed in a rapidly changing market, she said.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest state-owned lender, faces a tougher challenge selling its US.
 households, is leading a group that agreed to pay 11 billion euros ($15 billion) for Bord Gais Energy from Ireland’s state-owned energy company.
March 3 (Bloomberg) -- Vivint Inc, the home security and solar-energy provider owned by Blackstone Group LP, completed a tax-equity financing round that will fund $280 million in residential solar projects.
 High costs are even driving smaller companies out of Norway as family-owned Stokke AS, which manufactures the popular Tripp Trapp highchair for children, last year agreed to be sold to a South Korean investment company.
 Faurecia, 52 percent owned by PSA Peugeot Citroen, “is cooperating fully with the European Commission authorities” Tenneco, based in Lake Forest, Illinois, said EU officials visited a facility in Edenkoben, Germany to gather information, according to an e-mailed statement.
 Bombardier Rally Bombardier won a contract to supply electric engines to Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator, part of a larger $47 billion investment from the company.
 Imperial Oil, the Canadian energy company majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, agreed to sell some assets to Whitecap Resources Inc.
March 11 (Bloomberg) -- Chinese regulators approved a trial program to establish five privately owned banks as the government seeks to ease restrictions on the state-controlled banking industry.
 Privately owned banks must have adequate net capital, a specific business strategy and a mechanism to prevent risks from spreading and to protect depositors’ interests, Shang said.
 China Minsheng Banking Corp, established in January 1996, is the nation’s first privately owned bank.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- AGL Energy Ltd’s A$151 billion ($135 billion) deal to buy government-owned power plants in Australia’s most-populous state was blocked by the nation’s antitrust regulator on concern it would reduce competition.
 to find a solution for frequent problems with state-owned Air India Ltd’s 787 Dreamliners, and said any decision on the fleet will depend on the planemaker’s response.
 The government has warned the 67 percent state-owned company that it can’t pick and choose projects based on profit alone.
 The AFIRS system is currently in use on about 300 aircraft worldwide and new customers include NetJets Inc, the jet charter company owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which now uses it on its European operations, said Tempany.
 Altana is owned by German billionaire Susanne Klatten, who in 2008 paid about 910 million euros in cash for the remainder of the business she didn’t own.
 Namdeb Diamond Corp, which is jointly owned by the Namibian government and Anglo American Plc’s De Beers, produced 176 million carats in 2013, up 6 percent on 2012 output.
 She said she will try to redirect state-owned lender SBAB to become a “blow torch” for competition.
 The Social Democrats oppose the government’s ambition to sell state-owned SBAB, as well as a stake in TeliaSonera AB, to reduce public debt, Andersson said.
 Almost all of that came from contracts with the state-owned oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos, to provide offshore services.
 Soccer Teams SAE also has taken control of two Mexican professional soccer teams owned by Oceanografia Chief Executive Officer Amado Yanez, according to Decio de Maria Serrano, executive president of Mexico’s professional soccer league.
 The measure is also on track for its lowest close since March 7, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 MegaFon, controlled by Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov and part-owned by Sweden’s TeliaSonera AB, built a faster network for the Sochi Olympics and is set to start speedier, so-called 4G+ services in Moscow as demand increases for wireless Web browsing.
 Brown, a 52-year-old Democrat who has said he opposes a tax increase, has proposed taking $40 million in annual payments from the city-owned water and electricity utility to pay down pension costs.
 Today’s sale will reduce the foundation’s stake in Monte Paschi to about 55 percent, placing it as the second-biggest shareholder in Monte Paschi for the first time since 1995, when it was entrusted with the state-owned lender.
 Julius Baer expects to report another 6 billion Swiss francs ($68 billion) of managed assets after it increased its holding in GPS Investimentos Financeiros & Participacoes SA to 80 percent, from the 30 percent owned since May 2011, the Zurich-based bank said today in an e-mailed statement.
 The change adopted today attacks a technique in which TV-station owners control the advertising of nearby stations owned by a third party, and reap the sales revenue.
 Nationstar, which is majority owned by Fortress Investment Group LLC, has experienced rapid growth as it takes over mortgage servicing from banks that are looking to offload their loan-collection work.
 The ETS, started in 2005, imposes decreasing pollution caps on about 12,000 installations owned by power producers and manufacturers including EON SE and ThyssenKrupp AG.
 “Emission caps have to be based on realistic benchmarks so that the best performers are guaranteed enough to continue operating” The ETS, which imposes pollution limits on about 12,000 installations owned by manufacturers and utilities, is the EU’s key tool to reduce greenhouse gases, which scientists blame for global warming.
 The Summer Wind, a Liberian flag vessel owned by Sea Galaxy Marine SA, was operated by Cleopatra Shipping Agency Ltd, Beuerman said.
 Regulators in May also began a trial allowing private companies to lease excess network capacity from state-owned carriers.
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Warren Buffett announced a stock swap today in which he will exit most of his four-decade investment in the firm that owned the Washington Post newspaper.
 Anadarko, which owned a 25 percent stake in the Macondo well, off the Louisiana coast, contends it was a passive investor and can’t be held liable for pollution fines from the spill, which sent more than 4 million barrels of oil spewing into the Gulf of Mexico, closing fisheries and tainting shorelines from Texas to Florida.
 The Novo Oriente group partly owned by a unit of state-run Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA won the right to operate the Tres Irmaos dam in Sao Paulo state for 30 years at an auction on the BM&FBovespa SA exchange.
 Novo Oriente is 499 percent owned by the Furnas unit of Eletrobras, as the state-run utility is known, and the FIP Constantinopla group of undisclosed investors.
 Sao Luis, a smelter in the northeast that’s 40 percent-owned by BHP Billiton Ltd, will see output cut by 97,000 tons.
 Alcoa is also building the world’s lowest-cost aluminum smelter in Saudi Arabia in a partnership with the country’s state-owned mining company.
 Most Chinese stocks rose as Shanghai-based companies rallied on expectations the city will accelerate reforms of state-owned enterprises.
 Collective, based in Los Angeles and also known as CDS, is a unit of Collective Management Group, which is owned by its founders and GF Capital Private Equity Fund LP.
March 25 (Bloomberg) -- Hanco, a Saudi Arabian auto rental company, said it acquired UAE-based Byrne Investments from a private-equity group previously owned by HSBC Holdings Plc for 600 million dirhams ($163 million).
 Hanco, majority-owned by closely-held Bin Sulaiman Holdings, is buying Byrne’s equipment rental operations and modular building services business from Dubai-based Havenvest Private Equity Middle East Partnership, it said today in a statement.
 Perk Up Closely held Interjet is owned by the family of Miguel Aleman Velasco, son of former Mexican president Miguel Aleman Valdes.
 “Our common objective is to continue to grow the company, both organically and through acquisitions” Alipes, owned by Inter IKEA Investments and Ikano, invests mainly in the Nordic retail and consumer sector.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company agreed on March 21 to buy 25 percent of AS.
 Leasing pre-owned aircraft would conserve capital as the carrier takes wing, while orders eventually placed with Boeing and Airbus would ensure Eastern has delivery slots when it can better afford jets with list prices that start at more than $85 million.
 Shares of Britain’s largest state-owned bank have dropped 11 percent this year.
 Reynolds American is 42 percent owned by British American Tobacco Plc, the London-based cigarette giant.
 The case was triggered by a dispute in Austria where two companies wanted UPC Austria to block access to a website that posted films owned by the companies online.
 “I’ve been fighting for our companies to remain Quebec-owned, so I would be in a very bad position to start selling my shares.
 Chemezov, who heads Russian industrial corporation Rostec, said in an interview he intends rather to use his position at Uralkali to support the business objectives of the state-owned organization by expanding cooperation with the potash supplier.
 Chemezov’s role at Uralkali has more to do with developing links between the company and businesses like OAO VSMPO-Avisma, the world’s largest titanium maker and 25 percent owned by Rostec, he said.
 Sales of previously owned homes dropped in January to the lowest level in more than a year as poor weather combined with a lack of supply and strict lending rules.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Volvo Car Group will offer only four-cylinder engines as the Swedish manufacturer owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co.
 “We still have lots of room for growth in Brazil, but we have to think strategically where we want to grow and we want to be a global brand” Victoria’s Secret, which is owned by Columbus, Ohio-based L Brands Inc, will be operated in Brazil by Switzerland’s Dufry AG, according to an e-mailed statement from the press office of Guarulhos International Airport, where the store will be located.
 needs American-owned and -crewed ships available in the event of war or national emergencies.
 Since 1920, a law known as the Jones Act has required all cargoes between domestic ports to travel on US-flagged, -owned and -crewed vessels.
 A unit of the state-owned company known as Sinopec has “broken a long-established technology agreement which, together with trade-secret misuse by other Sinopec companies, has enabled development” of acrylonitrile plants in China without Ineos’s consent, the company said in a March 21 statement.
 A stable income is a requirement to apply for a mortgage in Japan, according to SBI Sumishin Net Bank Ltd, an online company owned by Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.
 Anglian Water says it plans to spend 5 billion pounds ($83 billion) between 2015 and 2020, partly to ensure its equipment works reliably, and Yorkshire Water Services Ltd, owned by Kelda Group Ltd, is spending 38 billion pounds to 2020.
 Jordan Cove, owned and managed by Calgary-based Veresen Inc, was approved a day before three congressional committees have scheduled hearings to study how more US.
 The company plans to sell its system in partnership with appliance maker Cuisinart, owned by East Windsor, New Jersey-based Conair Corp.
 Asset managers and insurers, including Partnership, which is majority owned by Cinven Partners LLP, have been affected by the rules, which banned advisers from taking commission from products sold.
 Thales, a French aerospace and defense company, will pay $400 million in cash for LiveTV, a wholly owned JetBlue subsidiary, the New York-based airline said in a statement today.
 Energy Minister Maximo Pacheco, a former executive of state-owned copper miner Codelco, intends to devise a new energy plan within the first 100 days in office.
 “That’s the driving force” Philly Evidence Demand for such deals was evident in UIL Holdings Corp’s $186 billion offer this month for Philadelphia’s Gas Works, the nation’s largest municipally owned gas utility.
 That valued the Montreal-based company, which is 70 percent owned by the extended Mashaal family, at C$429 million ($384 million).
 Holders will get two new shares for every one owned.
March 26 (Bloomberg) -- Safaricom Ltd, East Africa’s biggest mobile-phone company, said it may abandon its bid to acquire assets owned by Essar Telecom Kenya Ltd.
 “We are giving very serious consideration to pulling out for the simple reason that the lack of regulatory certainty puts us in a place where the key fundamentals of the transaction have changed” Safaricom, 40 percent owned by Vodafone Plc, and rival Airtel Kenya Ltd.
 Airtel Kenya, owned by Bharti Airtel Ltd, India’s largest mobile operator, declined to comment on the delay beyond a March 2 statement outlining its plans to take over Essar’s subscribers, Airtel spokesman Michael Okwiri said in an e-mail yesterday.
March 18 (Bloomberg) -- South Korea approved construction of its first foreign-owned casino resort as Asia’s fourth-largest economy seeks to emulate Macau and Singapore in attracting more tourism spending from China.
 Grand Korea Leisure Co, a state-owned casino operator, gained 2 percent to 43,950 won, outperforming the benchmark Kospi Index’s 07 percent rise.
 Recurrent Projects Google’s solar push has been aided by Recurrent Energy, a solar-project developer owned by Sharp Corp.
 Hochtief is itself majority owned by Actividades de Construccion & Servicios SA, or ACS, and Fernandez Verdes previously headed up the Spanish company’s construction unit.
 led state-owned companies higher amid speculation the government will take more measures to support growth.
 The move would allow Prokhorov to heed President Vladimir Putin’s ban on politicians having foreign accounts and equity and his call for Russian-owned companies to be registered and pay taxes locally.
 “The Nets are owned by Mikhail Prokhorov through a US- based company,” Bass wrote in an e-mail.
 Investments Mitsubishi UFJ invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley in 2008 during the global financial crisis, and spent about $35 billion to make San Francisco-based UnionBanCal a wholly owned subsidiary, to strengthen its foothold in the world’s largest economy.
 During Pistorius’s bail hearing, the magistrate said Botha made several errors, including possibly contaminating the crime scene, not checking for other mobile phones owned by Pistorius and misidentifying substances found at his home as testosterone.
 ERA, 684 percent owned by London-based Rio, reiterated that it has sufficient inventory to meet all supply commitments in the first half.
 Lloyds, the UK’s second-biggest publicly owned bank, will sell more portions of loans it makes to customers to reduce its risk, according to Feeney.
 Even so, it advised personnel: “Do not use the content of the Adobe package or connect it to your BlackBerry; do not connect it to any government-owned IT equipment; and do not employ it on any personally owned IT equipment” It also said not to “accept gifts from prohibited sources, to include contractors seeking to do business with the US.
 Dubai, the second-biggest of seven emirates that make up the UAE, and its state-owned companies ran up $113 billion of debt as it sought to develop its real-estate industry and transform into a tourism and financial services hub.
 At the time, Liz Claiborne owned 30 apparel labels, including Juicy Couture and Lucky Brands.
 Platforms owned by Tradeweb Markets LLC, ICAP Plc, GFI Group Inc.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Group Corp, the state-owned company that describes itself as a pilot of China’s economic reform, plans to make billions of dollars of its assets part of a Hong Kong unit.
 “The deal is consistent with the theme of state-owned enterprise reform, as one of the reform’s purpose is to increase securitization of national assets,” analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc, including Janet Lu, wrote in a report today.
 Beijing-based Citic Group, China’s first state-owned investment corporation, was set up in 1979 as part of paramount leader Deng’s push to modernize and open up China’s state-controlled economy.
 and China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co, which ispartly owned by Moody’s Investors Service.
 Amplats may also be rising on expectations that parent Anglo American Plc will unveil steps to reorganize the 80 percent-owned unit, Hudson-Peacock said.
 “Our focus has shifted to making the most of what we have and ride out the storm” The carrier, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, has fallen behind on dues to airports, restructured aircraft deliveries and faces increased competition from the entry of AirAsia India Ltd.
 Kingfisher Airlines Ltd, owned by liquor baron Vijay Mallya, ceased operations more than a year ago after amassing debt and defaulting on payments to airports, lenders and oil companies.
 Privately-owned IndiGo, also a budget carrier, is No.
 About 23 million people will be able to swipe their local debit or e-zwich card on 2,500 point of sale devices in Accra by May, said Archie Hesse, chief executive officer of state-owned Ghana Interbank Payment and Settlement Systems.
 The world’s fourth-biggest mining company, about 25 percent owned by management, today reported a full-year dividend of 165 cents a share, it said.
 Tate & Lyle, owned by American Sugar Refining Inc, buys raw cane sugar from countries that have tariff-free agreements with the EU to refine it and re-sell in the bloc.
 British Sugar Plc, owned by Associated British Sugar Plc, has 100 percent of the domestic quota of 1056 million tons, data from the commission showed.
 Most of the remainder comes from raw sugar imports that are refined by Tate & Lyle, or white sugar imported by Napier Brown, owned by Real Good Food Co.
 is credit negative for the Singapore state-owned investment company, according to Moody’s Investors Service.
 SLNG, owned by the Singapore government, was formed in June 2009 by the EMA to operate the S$17 billion ($13 billion) first terminal on Jurong Island, which began commercial operations in May last year.
 That measure is owned by S&P Dow Jones, a joint venture of McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Futures markets have historically owned their own clearinghouse, which is where all trades handled by the exchange are processed and collateral is posted to guarantee them.
 The purchase would have marked a rare three-way collaboration between state-owned Gulf energy firms in a region where investment decisions are often based on political aspirations.
 The China Banking Regulatory Commission will allow a trial of five privately-owned banks, Chairman Shang Fulin said at the same press briefing in Beijing today, part of the annual meeting of the National People’s Congress.
 Alibaba Application The banking regulator will allow privately owned banks to be set up in the cities of Shanghai and Tianjin and in Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces, Shang said.
 Oxybarica Impactos Internacionales, a medical equipment company that is 40 percent owned by a Colombian company, says government subsidies prompted it to set up in Spain rather than Italy.
 News: 0554421D BI) PERTAMINA PERSERO PT: The state-owned Indonesian oil and gas company may sell $3 billion of global bonds, some of which will be sukuk, in the middle of the year, local newspaper Bisnis Indonesia reported, citing a person it didn’t identify.
 News: PBK MK) DANAINFRA NASIONAL BHD: Malaysia’s state-owned company formed to finance construction of a subway system may offer Islamic bonds twice this year, selling $100 million each time, Reuters reported, citing Jamaluddin Nor Mohamad, head of Islamic and alternative markets at Bursa Malaysia.
 The company also refuted claims that Hua was owned shares in Wison on behalf of a Zhou Bin.
 “The risk is in the small print of the reforms for Mexico, how they are implemented and when they will bring benefits” Constitutional Amendments Mexico has been changing laws to open the oil industry to new investors and allow private companies to compete with state-owned firms on exploration projects and the installation of new electrical capacity.
Greenland Holding Group Co, the Shanghai city government-owned builder of one of China’s tallest towers, plans to list on the Shanghai Stock Exchange through an asset swap with an affiliate.
 Greenland’s back-door listing comes as it seeks investment opportunities abroad and as Shanghai steps up efforts to make its state-owned enterprises more profitable and efficient.
 Greenland, set up in 1992 and owned by the Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai Municipal Government, is also looking to enter Canada, France and Singapore this year, it said then.
 Both Greenland and Jinfeng are controlled by state-owned Shanghai Real Estate Group Co.
 Andreessen Horowitz owned about a 3 percent stake, with EBay retaining 30 percent.
 At the time, PT Bakrie Brothers, a Bakrie family entity, owned the remaining 20 percent.
 These would be the first tank cars owned directly by BNSF.
 lawmakers also warned that a catastrophe involving a bank-owned supertanker or power plant could jeopardize a lender’s health and leave taxpayers on the hook for a bailout.
March 3 (Bloomberg) -- Mach Gen LLC, a New York-based electricity generator owned by units of financial institutions that include Bank of America Corp.
 Morgan Stanley, which was the biggest tenant at the property owned by beer maker Sapporo Holdings Ltd, completed a move to Tokyo’s Otemachi business district early this year.
 The State Energy and Water Regulation Commission in the capital Sofia requested the utilities to make the payments to state-owned National Electricity Company EAD by tomorrow or face “a legal action,” the regulator said on its website today.
 The network is jointly owned by the two teams and Comcast.
 “We are not opposed to being publicly owned but not at any price” Investor enthusiasm for oil-product tankers like Diamond S’s has dimmed on growing concern that private-equity firms such as Ross’s ordered too many new ships, said Basil Karatzas, a shipbroker and adviser in New York.
 Series 20 closed last week at 1067, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 After developing the Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village apartment complex in the 1940s, MetLife owned the New York property for six decades before selling it for $54 billion in 2006.
 and Bank of China Ltd are among tenants in the building’s other tower, which is in part owned by a private fund run by Banco BTG Pactual SA.
 The Stena Supreme, a Suezmax tanker, is owned by Concordia Maritime AB, according to the company’s website and shipping data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Among the 10 most-owned contracts, seven were puts.
March 26 (Bloomberg) -- PQ Holdings Inc, the chemicals company owned by Carlyle Group LP that filed for an initial public offering last month, has drawn interest from several potential suitors, people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Crew Group Inc, the retail chain owned by TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP, reported a 42 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit amid a broader decline in shopping-mall traffic.
 Those licenses allow private companies to lease capacity from carriers and offer new types of services, packages and billing options to challenge the state-owned firms that own the wireless networks.
 Shares in state-owned Genesis will be offered at NZ$155 each when the IPO opens tomorrow, Finance Minister Bill English and State Owned Enterprises Minister Tony Ryall said in a statement today.
 “We have again delivered on our New Zealand ownership commitment, with Genesis expected to be 88 percent New Zealand owned when it lists” New Zealand last year sold close to 49 percent stakes in Mighty River Power Ltd.
 Genesis is the last of the state-owned companies to be partially sold before a general election on Sept.
 To encourage participation in the IPO, the government will offer New Zealanders one bonus share for every 15 owned if they have been held for a year after allotment, with a cap of 2,000 bonus shares.
 The Nuclear Regulation Authority will focus its review on two reactors owned by Kyushu Electric Power Co.
 were owned by the Swiss subsidiary and which were owned by Caterpillar, though they were commingled in US.
 These would be the first tank cars owned directly by BNSF.
 Emirates Nuclear Energy Corp, the government-owned company building the Abu Dhabi plants, will be a benchmark for safety when the units are built, Judge said.
 He’s since stepped up the campaign, vowing to go after both “tigers and flies” -- cadres big and small -- by targeting the military, provincial officials and state-owned enterprises.
 Glencore is about 25 percent owned by management.
 approval of plans to export liquefied natural gas from plants owned by companies including Cheniere Energy Inc, Dominion Resources Inc.
 Moet & Chandon is a brand now owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA.
 Cheap funding costs have enabled banks to fuel industry overcapacity and excessive borrowing by state-owned companies and local governments.
 “The addition of UConn to the field certainly added fuel to the fire” The games will be the first in the NCAA tournament in the current Madison Square Garden, which opened in 1968 and is owned by Madison Square Garden Co.
 The operator, part-owned by Norway’s Telenor ASA, is also struggling to cut its $275 billion debt which resulted from an acquisition of telecommunications assets in Italy, Algeria and Asia from Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris about three years ago.
 The partners owned 102 percent of the company’s shares on Feb.
 Safaricom, 40 percent owned by Vodafone Plc, and Airtel, a unit of New Delhi-based Bharti Airtel Ltd, plan to spend “in the hundreds of millions of dollars” acquiring Essar, which operates Kenya’s third-biggest mobile company, Safaricom Corporate Affairs Director Nzioka Waita said March 26.
 4, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Stockholm-based Lundin Petroleum is 31 percent owned by the family.
 The gauge is set for its first day of increases in a week, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The unexpected decision, which followed Sanusi’s calls for an audit of the state-owned oil company, caused the naira to slump to a record low as investors worried that the independence of the central bank will be compromised.
 In February, its top two company holdings were UK-owned Northern Rock Asset Management Plc’s mortgage-backed bonds and National Australia Bank Ltd’s euro notes, its website shows.
 Now, having been chosen in December by South Korea’s first female president, Park Geun Hye, to run the state-owned lender, Kwon intends to apply her temperament to a different challenge: making IBK one of the world’s 100 largest banks on an international ranking by assets.
 The state-owned bank is required by law to allocate at least 70 percent of its loans to small and medium-sized businesses.
 Chairman Lee Kun Hee and head of Hotel Shilla Co, partly owned by Samsung companies, and Choi Eun Young of Hanjin Shipping Holdings Co, who succeeded her late husband as CEO.
 Virgin Media Secured Finance Plc, owned by Liberty Global Plc, is selling as much as 915 million pounds of bonds in dollars and sterling maturing in January 2025, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 Germany’s state-owned railway, Deutsche Bahn AG, is selling 500 million euros of bonds through its Deutsche Bahn Finance BV unit, another person said.
March 11 (Bloomberg) -- Suez Environnement Co, the water and solid-waste company part-owned by GDF Suez, agreed to a five-year, 54 million-euro ($75-million) contract to operate a recycling center in Canada.
 China’s private companies are now a bigger risk to investors as valuations surge, said John-Paul Smith, a Deutsche Bank AG strategist who’s been writing about the dangers of buying state-owned mainland stocks since 2010.
 Commercial property loans and real estate-owned sales reached 337 billion euros ($466 billion) last year, up 47 percent from 2012, according to broker Cushman & Wakefield Inc.
March 7 (Bloomberg) -- Aga Rangemaster Group Plc rose to the highest since 2008 after the British maker of cast-iron stoves owned by celebrities from Madonna to Prince Charles predicted improved trading this year, helped by new models and a housing recovery.
 It was previously owned by DRDGold Ltd.
 Westfield, which owned the malls with partners, will receive 597 million pounds from the sale, in line with book value, it said in a separate statement.
 The Dubai government-owned carrier will pay interest of less than 200 basis points, or two percentage points, above the London interbank offered rate on the 12-year amortising loans, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 Classified Ventures is also owned by AH Belo Corp.
 In addition to the Charter stake, the Liberty Broadband tracking stock will include Liberty’s own stake in Time Warner Cable and a wholly owned geographic-location technology company, TruePosition Inc.
 Orion and AEW are trying to buy the 25 percent stake in Madrid-based Realia held by the Bankia Group and the 369 percent owned by Fomento de de Construcciones y Contratas, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 and ConocoPhillips, according to the state-owned company.
 that are owned by the hedge fund have jumped 38 percent since March 3, the day before Aurelius sent the company a letter with the contention that the securities it holds were improperly pushed down in the capital structure.
 home loans went to people who already owned at least one house, according to a 2011 Federal Reserve Bank of New York report.
 Most of the financing goes to small investors, including those who purchase bank-owned foreclosures sold at auctions Genesis conducts for Bank of America Corp.
 to fund the building of a plant in Guanajuato, according to a statement from the state-owned lender.
 McClendon stepped down as Chesapeake CEO last year after a shareholder revolt and an inquiry into whether he had used personal stakes in company-owned wells to obtain more than $800 million in private loans.
 Among the 10 most-owned contracts on the corn fund, nine were calls, according to the data.
 Two Penguins Rubio’s New York visit last year with Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman was memorialized by a photo of the pair grinning above two penguins from SeaWorld, owned by the firm.
 “For instance, NBC Universal has both broadcasting and production” CTC, co-owned by Russian billionaire Yury Kovalchuk and Swedish media company Modern Times Group AB, plans to generate as much as 10 percent of revenue outside of free-to-air broadcasting in five years, Slashcheva said.
 government notes and bonds not held by the Fed, overseas investors owned $54 trillion as of January, data from the Treasury department and the central bank compiled by Bloomberg show.
 exceeded analysts’ earnings estimates as Latin America’s largest non-state-owned oil producer increased Colombian production while containing costs.
 The remaining 42 percent is owned by Caesars Acquisition Co, a publicly traded company created last year through a $117 billion rights offering to Caesars shareholders.
 Global Platinum Resources is part-owned by China’s Norinco International Cooperation Ltd.
 The China State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission has submitted a reform plan for state-owned enterprises to the State Council and may release it “soon”, the Economic Information Daily reported, citing an unidentified person.
 The state-owned company, which produces 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent from shale formations, began operations at El Trebol a year ago as part of a $37 billion expansion through 2018.
 Hees joined in June from Burger King Worldwide Inc, the fast-food chain owned by Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G.
 Baoding Tianwei Group, a central-government owned company and Tianwei Baobian’s biggest shareholder, provided a full, unconditional and irreversible guarantee for the notes, according to the securities’ 2011 prospectus.
 The utilities owe a combined 3476 million lev ($247 million) to state-owned National Electricity Co, also known as NEC, in disbursements for subsidies to renewable and combined heat and power generators, the State Energy and Water Regulation Commission in Sofia said in an e-mail today.
 Temasek will appoint two directors at Watson’s board, said Li, who wouldn’t rule out the Singapore state-owned investment company increasing its stake in Watson in the future.
 Mortgage financiers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac don’t allow banks to approve loans for apartments in buildings where more than 30 percent of apartments are owned by investors, said Orest Tomaselli, CEO of National Condo Advisors LLC, a White Plains, New York-based consulting firm.
 It was last owned by DRDGold Ltd.
 Poundland Group Plc, the discount retailer partially owned by US.
 Murad products are sold at Sephora, the cosmetics chain owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and buying Murad would boost Estee Lauder’s presence in specialty beauty retail, Wu said.
 Current gas shortages are a “short-term challenge” and output to power stations will be boosted by at least 400 million standard cubic feet a day before the end of the year, David Ige, group executive director of gas and power at the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp, said on the sidelines of a conference today in Abuja.
 “But the challenge is very short term because what you need to bear in mind is that the fundamentals are there, the pipelines are being built and the supply is being developed as well” Nigerian authorities in September finalized the sale of 60 percent stakes in 15 power distribution and generation companies spun out of the former state-owned monopoly, Power Holding Co.
 About 80 percent are owned by Shell, which operates most of the onshore fields in Nigeria.
 Shell, Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Total and Eni all run joint ventures with state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp.
 “Without the consent of local communities, we cannot do the required work” Seawater Intrusion Exxon Mobil, Total and state-owned NNPC didn’t respond to requests by e-mail and phone for comment.
 OTP competes with mostly foreign-owned banks including Erste Group Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, KBC Groep NV, Intesa SanPaolo SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Televisa, owned by another billionaire, Emilio Azcarraga, gets about 70 percent of broadcast viewers.
 Against All Grain is owned by Danielle Walker, the San Francisco-based author of the cookbook “Against All Grain” featuring grain-free, dairy-free, and gluten-free recipes.
 The banking committee yesterday announced a plan to dismantle the US-owned mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and replace them with government bond insurance that would kick in only after private capital suffered losses of at least 10 percent.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Brit Insurance Holdings BV, a Lloyd’s of London insurer owned by Apollo Global Management LLC and CVC Capital Partners Ltd, is planning an initial public offering in London next month.
 So far four of seven investors in ALL’s controlling group support Cosan’s offer -- private holders Julia Dora Arduini, her husband Riccardo Arduini, Wilson de Lara and Brazil’s state-owned development bank, with a combined 696 percent of controlling shares, one of the people said.
 The US-owned mortgage-finance companies, seized by regulators during the 2008 credit crisis, have returned to profitability as the housing market recovers.
 China Petrochemical Corp, the state-owned parent of Sinopec, has said it will build shale gas capacity at its Fuling site to 5 billion cubic meters a year by 2015, suggesting a national target of 65 billion cubic meters will be met or surpassed.
 Boeing’s receives about 35 percent of its titanium from VSMPO-AVISMA Corp, which is owned by State Corporation Russian Technologies and produces parts for the 787 Dreamliner, 737 narrow-body jets and other models, according to the US.
 The gauge is set to fall for a second day, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The investment banking arm of Banque Saudi Fransi, a lender part-owned by Credit Agricole, has advised on 7 equity offerings worth 84 billion riyals ($24 billion) since 2011, surpassing global banks such as JP Morgan Chase & Co and HSBC Holdings Plc on equity advisory work in the kingdom.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Babcock International Group Plc agreed to buy private equity-owned Avincis for 920 million pounds ($15 billion) to expand into helicopter services.
 Bachmann worked from “in or around the 1990s to in or around 2007” at a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank, according to the indictment.
 All of the 10 most-owned contracts on Suncor are calls.
March 5 (Bloomberg) -- Virgin America Inc, the discount carrier partly owned by UK.
 “Investors like the independent firm model in general, so I think his timing is reasonably good” Altman owned more than 359,000 shares of Evercore as of Feb.
 9 chemical leak from a Freedom Industries Inc-owned storage tank outside of Charleston, West Virginia that polluted drinking water for about 300,000 residents.
 Senate Banking Committee leaders said the proposal, which they plan to release later this week, would replace the two US-owned mortgage financiers with government bond insurance that would kick in only after private capital suffered severe losses.
 China Mobile, which has 7756 million subscribers, is the last of the nation’s three state-owned carriers to report results for the period.
 The purchase is the biggest by Temasek, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and gives the Singapore state-owned investment company a stake in a business with more than 10,000 stores worldwide.
 Depression Era Restrictions on direct sales took hold in the 1930s as the industry matured, with a combination of company-owned stores and franchise dealers, said David Cole, chairman emeritus of the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- BYD Co, the Chinese automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, has revived plans to sell new stock equivalent to as much as 20 percent of its Hong Kong-listed shares, people familiar with the matter said.
 The commission would consider those stations commonly owned, meaning the relationship would violate rules that forbid ownership of multiple stations in a market.
 It provides non-programming services such as sales and management to 20 stations in 17 markets, and would create shared arrangements in three more markets through an acquisition of stations owned by the Allbritton family.
March 31 (Bloomberg) -- Richard Easton loves the mixed grill special at Mangal 2, a family-owned Turkish restaurant in the gentrifying East London neighborhood of Dalston.
 SouthGobi Resources Ltd, which is 56 percent-owned by Turquoise Hill, rebounded 25 percent to 66 Canadian cents after tumbling 27 percent yesterday when it said falling coal prices may force it to default on debt.
 The startup is backed by an asset manager under China’s state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission and seeks to become a global investment bank.
 The Fuling project in 2017 will yield at least 10 billion cubic meters, compared with a goal of 5 billion for 2015, Chairman Fu Chengyu told reporters in Hong Kong yesterday, calling both estimates “conservative” Over the longer term, state-owned Sinopec may also seek private investors to help develop its shale business, he said.
 Baoding Tianwei Group, a central-government owned company and Tianwei Baobian Electric’s controlling shareholder, provided a full, unconditional and irreversible guarantee for the notes, according to the notes’ 2011 prospectus.
 Prices in Europe dropped after Brazil’s state-owned Petroleo Brasileiro pulled out of the spot market while uncertainty over Russian gas flows through Ukraine and possible demand from Turkey and Italy kept a floor under prices, according to the research company.
 “But recent rains have increased hydro output” Brazil, the second-biggest producer of hydroelectricity, gets 81 percent of its power from hydro plants mostly owned by the state and has the world’s cheapest wind energy.
 Mortgage financiers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac don’t allow banks to approve loans for apartments in buildings where more than 30 percent of apartments are owned by investors, said Orest Tomaselli, CEO of National Condo Advisors LLC, a White Plains, New York-based consulting firm.
 The Scottish lender, owned by National Australia Bank Ltd, offered $997 million of debt in euros and pounds, according to people familiar with the deal.
 The CFTC proposed a new rule last year to set limits in 28 commodities for derivatives traded on exchanges owned by CME Group Inc.
 For suppliers “change is hard, but the fact is that the alternative is much worse” Norway’s biggest oil and gas producer, 67 percent owned by the state, has been told by the government to sustain projects in the nation after Statoil cut planned investments in the next three years by 8 percent.
 Virgin, which used a A$20 million investment from billionaire Richard Branson to start a single route between Brisbane and Sydney in 2000, now gets better revenue per seat with lower costs than formerly state-owned Qantas.
 In December, the nation passed a constitutional amendment to end state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos’s oil monopoly, which had been in place since the nation seized fields from US.
 Dell, 49, owned about 16 percent of the stock.
March 3 (Bloomberg) -- “12 Years a Slave,” the film about a free black man kidnapped into slavery in the pre-Civil War south, was crowned best picture of 2013 in an Oscars ceremony where the thriller “Gravity” led with seven awards.
 EON, ThyssenKrupp The ETS, started in 2005, imposes decreasing pollution caps on about 12,000 installations owned by power producers and manufacturers including EON SE and ThyssenKrupp AG.
 “The interests of the consumers and the competitiveness of the country are being undermined with the current setup” Li’s comments add to the growing debate about the merits of the rule requiring foreign carmakers to set up joint ventures with predominantly state-owned companies to manufacture vehicles in the country.
 These state-owned enterprises are also helping foreign brands compete with other Chinese carmakers, which is against the interests of the consumer and broader industry, Li said.
 “The momentum has been positive for the rupee amid good data,” said Vikas Babu, a trader at state-owned Andhra Bank in Mumbai.
 jumped 75 percent to a record after providing details of funding for a factory that will be wholly owned by parent Suzuki Motor Corp.
 Edison Mission owned or leased interests in more than 40 projects as of the end of 2012, including coal-fired plants in Illinois, gas-fired plants in California, wind projects in 11 states and a gas-fired plant in Turkey, according to the company’s website.
 Babcock International Group Plc posted the biggest drop in four years after agreeing to buy private equity-owned Avincis Group.
 The US-owned mortgage financiers would be eliminated and private interests would be on the hook for the first 10 percent of mortgage losses under a bill that leaders of the Senate Banking Committee plan to introduce within days.
 “Teapot refineries that meet the government’s requirement for operation size and environment regulation may get crude import quota” New quotas may be granted to teapots owned by ChemChina as well as other plants, Jiang said, without elaborating.
 The company is 49 percent owned by Siemens and 51 percent by Los Angeles-based investor Gores.
 Issuing debt after the bank got approval for its dividend increase shows “they mean business” The cost to protect the debt of Bank of America using credit-default swaps for five years has dropped to 69 basis points from almost 500 basis points in 2011, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Analysts estimated drops of 01 percent and 11 percent, respectively, according to Consensus Metrix, which is owned by Kaul Advisory Group in Wayne, New Jersey.
 The company earned $93 billion before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization last year in Mexico, where Slim gained control of the phone market in a 1990 privatization of the state-owned carrier.
 Readership fell at 26 of the 28 newspapers he’s owned for more than a year, according to a comparison of a chart in the March 1 document and the prior annual report.
 They’d be replaced by a new government-owned mortgage insurer modeled after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
 The preferred shares owned by Fairholme, Perry and the rest will probably end up worthless unless they get help in court, analysts such as Ed Mills at FBR Capital Markets & Co.
March 20 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Electricity Co, the state-owned utility, received a 494 billion-riyal interest-free loan ($1317 billion) from the government today, according to a statement to the Saudi stock exchange that cites a royal decree.
 He and a partner owned half of RosUkrEnergo, which was founded in 2004 and emerged as Ukraine’s sole gas importer in 2006 to 2009, between price disputes with Russia that led to supply halts and shortages across Europe.
 Equities Trading Jefferies Group LLC, the Wall Street firm owned by Leucadia National Corp, said today that trading revenue for the three months ended Feb.
 The company said Russia’s economy would continue to slow through the end of this year, creating “significant downside risk” Gazprom, Rosneft and Transneft are majority-owned by the Russian government.
 The two brands are owned by Mumbai-based Tata Motors Ltd.
 In February, the fund was said to buy a minority stake in Trigence Semiconductor Inc, a Japanese chip designer part-owned by Intel Corp’s venture capital arm.
 On the same day, Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest privately owned lender, said it’s in the “final stage” of acquiring Bank of Cyprus’s Ukraine unit for 224 million euros ($308 million).
 Cheap funding costs have enabled banks to fuel industry overcapacity and excessive borrowing by state-owned companies and local governments.
 China Minsheng Banking Corp, the nation’s first privately owned lender, in October started a fund available through a smartphone application, Ru Yi Bao, which allows a minimum investment of 1 yuan and same-day redemption.
 Three years ago, the SEC began scrutinizing how banks, hedge funds and private-equity firms were competing to manage large pools of government-owned cash.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Alberta is pressing the Canadian government to allow input and give clarity on rules banning foreign takeovers in the oil sands by state-owned companies, more than a year after the restrictions were announced.
 “We continue to seek clarity” Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in December 2012 that state-owned enterprises would be banned from buying majority stakes in the oil sands outside of “exceptional circumstances” Approval of the $151 billion takeover by China’s Cnooc Ltd.
 “Foreign investment has been welcomed into Canada, but just not a controlling foreign investment by a state-owned enterprise,” Industry Minister James Moore said today on a conference call with reporters from Berlin, when asked about Alberta’s position.
 The province would like more detail on how the government defines state-owned enterprises and “exceptional circumstances,” among other things, he said.
 Former Alberta Premier Alison Redford, who resigned this month, told reporters in September on a trip to Shanghai that she wanted the federal government to specify under what conditions it would allow Chinese state-owned enterprises to buy companies in the oil sands.
 The country will institute an electricity-rationing program for miners and its state-owned power company must stop signing new contracts, Congolese Prime Minister Augustin Matata Ponyo said in a January letter to the ministers of mines and energy.
 The nation can import about 100 megawatts from the state-owned Zambia Electricity Supply Corp.
 After mediating discussions between FEC’s Chamber of Mines and the state-owned Societe Nationale de l’Electricite, the government decided to ration its 4617 megawatts of available power among all of Katanga’s miners, according to the letter.
 The ETS, started in 2005, imposes decreasing pollution caps on about 12,000 installations owned by power producers and manufacturers including EON SE and ThyssenKrupp AG.
 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd, an Indian drugmaker part owned by ChrysCapital Management Co, in November was considering scrapping plans for an IPO, three people with knowledge of the matter said at the time.
 Last year, a pipeline owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, built in the 1940s, split apart and spilled 5,000 barrels of oil in Mayflower, Arkansas.
 Messina, who agreed to sell Intesa’s Ukrainian unit Pravex Bank JSC to a company owned by Ukrainian billionaire Dmitry Firtash, said the local regulator might block the transaction because of legal issues involving the buyer.
 Nets is owned by Nordic banks including Danske Bank A/S, Nordea Bank AB, DNB ASA and Denmark’s central bank.
 is challenging a regulator’s decision to block its A$151 billion ($137 billion) deal to acquire government-owned power plants in Australia’s most populous state.
March 24 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, the budget carrier partly owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, ordered 37 Airbus Group NV planes, canceling some existing orders as it opted for more fuel-efficient models.
 The talks come after state-owned Cofco last week agreed to buy 51 percent of Dutch grain trader Nidera BV, which has annual sales of more than $17 billion, as it seeks to expand food supplies for the world’s most populous nation.
 State-owned China Investment Corp.
 shows Singapore’s investment firm is more active compared with other state-owned investors, according to the Sovereign Investment Lab.
 “But they want to know about the general direction of the company” That’s what sets them apart from most other state-owned investors, which are more passive and are “just collectors of dividends,” Song said.
 “Ecopetrol, directly and with partners, is ready to do that” The state-owned producer is in talks to drill shale pilot wells and is considering vying for offshore blocks in a July auction, he said in a separate interview from Houston last week.
 The Chinese state-owned company is among developers finding more lucrative uses for older commercial sites in a booming housing market as the supply of new office space in Australian cities surges and tenant demand falters.
 “Securitizing home loans tends to boost structural costs a bit,” Thierry Dufour, deputy CEO of Credit Foncier, a mortgage lender owned by Paris-based bank Groupe BPCE, said in an interview.
 Privately owned Flynas has hired Saudi Fransi Capital, together with Deloitte, to advise on an initial public offering, which could come as early as next year, though the carrier must first establish itself as profitable, he said yesterday.
 Enough Inventory Dunkin Brands’ purchasing cooperative, owned by the company’s franchisees, has locked in coffee for most of 2014, which will keep costs for this year relatively flat, Paul C.
 Spain sold 75 percent of the country’s fourth-biggest bank, reducing its stake to 61 percent, as its state-owned parent started offloading the shares on Feb.
 Six sectors including oil and gas reserves, unconventional oil and gas exploration, pipelines, refining, overseas businesses and financial units have been chosen for possible equity partnerships with private investors, the China Securities Journal reported today, citing Zhou Jiping, chairman of the state-owned company.
 Anima, owned by private equity firm Clessidra SGR SpA, may seek to be valued at about 15 billion euros ($2 billion), said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
 The new space is owned by Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co, while Hamamatsucho building is owned by Japan Excellent Inc, a real estate investment trust.
 “We’ve seen the reforms succeed in the power sector so it tells us we’re on track” Nigeria handed control of 15 former state-owned power suppliers to new owners including Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG and Korea Electric Power Corp.
 Under the transport reforms, the government will focus on policy while a state-owned regulator will be created to oversee the industry, allowing “operators to operate in an atmosphere that is free for entry and exit,” Dikki said.
 Taco Bell, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, also is working to drum up morning business.
 Zimbabwe Alloys, 85 percent owned by Benscore Investments Ltd, faces liquidation if it fails to find $40 million for working capital and to refurbish three chrome smelting furnaces, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the company is under judicial management.
March 21 (Bloomberg) -- Altana AG, the German specialty chemicals maker owned by billionaire Susanne Klatten, plans to double sales to 35 billion euros ($48 billion) by the end of the decade, boosted by acquisitions.
 The payments to a Panama-based company owned by Walid Giahmi, who was friends with the son of deposed Libyan ruler Muammar Qaddafi, had no real purpose and were kept secret from the LIA board, according to court documents filed in London.
March 6 (Bloomberg) -- Vimeo LLC, the video-streaming site owned by billionaire Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, is committing $10 million to a fund to persuade film creators to sell their content through its on-demand movie service.
 At the time, Vimeo was a project owned by Connected Ventures LLC, which also oversaw comedy site CollegeHumorcom.
 The bank’s loans to Oceanografia were tied to work the servicer said it did for state-owned oil monopoly Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex.
 State-owned explorer Oil & Natural Gas Corp.
 TA, a Boston-based private-equity firm, owned 223 percent at the time of the IPO and has gradually sold down the shares.
March 12 (Bloomberg) -- Minority investors in Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, India’s biggest carmaker by volume, sought the scrapping of parent Suzuki Motor Corp’s plan to build a fully-owned factory in the state of Gujarat.
 The production of cars by a Suzuki-owned subsidiary would lead to lower earnings than from cars manufactured by Maruti directly, Ashvin Shetty and Ritu Modi, analysts at Ambit Capital, wrote in a research note on Feb.
 Caesars Growth is 58 percent owned by Caesars Entertainment, with the balance owned by Caesars Acquisition Co, a separately traded entity also created last year.
March 20 (Bloomberg) -- A rally that crowned Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 “It is going to take a long time to ramp those back up into production” The Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union is leading a work-stoppage at mines owned by Amplats, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Amplats may be gaining on expectations that London-based parent Anglo American Plc will reorganize its 80 percent-owned unit, Simon Hudson-Peacock, a money manager at Momentum Asset Management in Johannesburg, said by phone March 17.
 Orlando City Soccer Club, owned by a Brazilian who has pledged to recruit a marquee player from that country, will boost the economy by attracting South American travelers, said Brett Lashbrook, the team’s chief operating officer.
 The team wants to renovate the county-owned arena where it plays.
 will probably be named preferred bidder to supply 465 diesel locomotives to South Africa’s state-owned Transnet SOC Ltd.
 To create jobs and develop expertise, South African state-owned companies in the past preferenced suppliers who committed to manufacturing major parts of their offerings domestically.
 The combined sales of the two financing units made Hyundai Motor the largest non-state-owned South Korean seller of international bonds in the period, according to Bloomberg-compiled data which groups issues under the parent company.
 Kexim, as the state-owned bank is known, sold 76 billion yen ($746 million) of Samurai bonds in three tranches this month.
 conservatorship, would be unwound and replaced by a lender-owned securities issuer under a proposal from Representative Maxine Waters.
 Zell is a lead investor in Par Petroleum Corp, one of the largest tenants of Select Income REIT, a company 44 percent owned by CommonWealth, the Newton, Massachusetts-based US.
 Television Interview Adam Portnoy said the company didn’t know about Zell’s involvement in a Hawaii property owned by Select Income REIT until Jeff Blau, chief executive officer of New York-based Related, mentioned it in a March 10 interview on Bloomberg Television.
 The proposals made by Russia’s state-owned natural gas export monopoly fell short of addressing the commission’s concerns, Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said last month.
 Glass Lewis, owned by the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan Board and Alberta Investment Management Corp, and its rival Institutional Shareholder Services Inc.
 Press officials at ISS, owned by MSCI Inc, didn’t immediately respond to an e-mail asking if the firm has issued a recommendation on Oi’s vote.
 Hutchison Interest Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, owned by billionaire Li Ka-shing, wants to buy more telecommunications assets in the Nordic region, a person familiar with the situation said in November.
 AINMT Holdings AB, also owned by Access, sells 3G mobile services in Scandinavia using the 450MHz frequency.
 Mando bought 3785 billion won ($355 million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc, which in turn invested 3385 billion won in the affiliate, then called Halla Engineering & Construction Corp, according to regulatory filings in April.

 investor-owned utilities, is turning to the latest series of cold snaps to bolster their lobbying of the Obama administration and state regulators to keep coal and nuclear generators alive.
 Holders will get two new shares for every one owned.
 It sued in 2011 to keep AT&T from buying the Bellevue, Washington-based carrier, majority-owned by Deutsche Telekom AG.
 Takano this month called for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Treasury Department to report on the possible risks of “the recent increase of investor-owned rental properties and the development of single-family rental-backed securities” Limited Markets Blackstone has sought to counter impressions that investors are dominating the housing market.
 Marshall, 46, is a former managing director of his family-owned furniture retailer and an executive at other South Australian businesses.
 Developments in Ukraine, which Gazprom uses as a transit point to supply about 16 percent of European demand, have caused shares of Russia’s state-owned gas export monopoly to fall 12 percent over the last week in Moscow trading as of yesterday.
 The proposals made by Russia’s state-owned natural gas export monopoly fell short of addressing the commission’s concerns, Almunia said last month.
 There were 95,424 calls outstanding on March 24, compared with 83,399 puts, and five of the six most-owned contracts were bullish, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
March 21 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, is in talks to sell about $1 billion of stakes in leveraged buyout funds to Ardian, said two people with knowledge of the situation.
 “Given the sheer amount of product available, we foresee a huge amount of bank-owned real estate and non-performing loan portfolios being sold in coming months” Spanish banks acquired the assets after companies and homeowners defaulted during the country’s worst economic slowdown in 50 years.
 So-called REO, or real-estate owned properties, are those held by entities like banks, governments and insurers after failed foreclosure auctions.
 Just changing a lock costs 100 euros” Bank-owned land plots must have a perimeter fence installed as well as signs identifying the owner and periodic weed killing, Rodenas said.
 Three are owned by Caesars.
 “We’ve been ramping up acquisitions,” David Miller, CEO of Silver Bay Realty Trust, which owned 5,642 homes as of Dec.
 This month he called for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Treasury to report on the possible risks of “the recent increase of investor owned rental properties and the development of single-family rental-backed securities” Institutional investors are not going away even though their size will remain a modest part of the market, Gray said.
 The arts and entertainment arm of China Poly Group Corp, a state-owned conglomerate started by the military 22 years ago, and existing investors raised $331 million after pricing the IPO at the top end of a marketed range.
 ANZ Terminals is owned by Connecticut-based investor Morningside Private Investors, according to its website.
 LBC Tank Terminals, a Belgium-based operator part-owned by Dutch and Australian pension funds, considered a bid for the business and decided not to proceed as it did not “fit our strategy,” spokeswoman Tara Manser said by e-mail.
March 26 (Bloomberg) -- AS Roma, the Italian soccer team owned by hedge-fund manager James Pallotta, is getting assistance on its stadium development plan from a company owned by the New York Yankees and Dallas Cowboys.
 Shareholders who have owned at least $2,000 worth of stock for at least one year may nominate trustees.
 The government approves state-owned Codelco’s three-year revolving plan in June each year.
 *** Take this line, “Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them,” or, wait -- this one’s better -- “By heaven, methinks it were an easy leap to pluck bright honor from the pale-faced moon, or dive into the bottom of the deep, where fathom-line could never touch the ground, and pluck up drowned honor by the locks,” and imagine they’re being delivered to you by BuzzFeed with GIFs.
 Sinograin Oils Corp, a unit of the state-owned China Grain Reserves Corp, said demand will weaken through September as imports “pile up” After Brazil produces a record 885 million tons this season, farmers in the US, the biggest exporter until last year, will boost output by 79 percent to an all-time high of 355 billion bushels (967 million tons), the USDA forecast on Feb.
 “Margins over the past five months are the best, sustained period of profitability ever,” said Roger Fray, the executive vice president at farmer-owned grain handler and soybean processor West Central Cooperative in Ralston, Iowa.
 The Minnetonka, Minnesota-based company, owned by Thomas H.
 IDBI Bank State-owned IDBI Bank Ltd.
 Series 20 closed last week at 1022, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The discrepancy involved $585 million in loans to Oceanografia SA that were supposed to be backed by collateral, consisting of payments that Oceanografia expected from Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil producer known as Pemex.
 In November, it agreed on compensation for state-owned rail operator Deutsche Bahn AG.
 Tie-ins include a make-up collection for Sephora, the cosmetics chain owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy SA.
 Shareholders can buy three new shares for every eight already owned at 56 pence apiece, according to a separate statement from the insurer today.
 stores and about 89 percent of those are owned by franchisees.
 Restaurant chains including Bennigan’s and Steak & Ale, both owned by Metromedia Restaurant Group, and Buffets Holdings Inc.
 Gallagher, a Republican, voiced concern about a recent rule adopted by the Fed that would subject broker-dealers owned by foreign banks to new capital and liquidity requirements for lenders with more than $50 billion in assets.
 Dubai and its state-owned companies borrowed more than $110 billion developing the real-estate industry and transforming the sheikhdom into a tourism and financial-services hub.
 It provides non-programming services such as sales and management to 20 stations in 17 markets, and would create shared-services arrangements in three more markets through an acquisition of stations owned by the Allbritton family.
 Shanduka holds stakes in mines owned by Lonmin Plc, mines coal in a venture with Glencore Xstrata Plc, controls the McDonald’s Corp.
 SE, the German steel trader part-owned by the Knauf family, posted a 2013 loss that missed analyst estimates as Europe’s economic crisis cut demand.
 Maruti Dispute Shares of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, the country’s biggest carmaker by volume, may be active as minority investors seek the scrapping of parent Suzuki Motor Corp’s plan to build a fully-owned factory in the state of Gujarat.
 The policyholder-owned firm, which is exploring the possible sale of its Russell Investments unit, was the No.
 The country suffered from inflation estimated at 500 billion percent by the International Monetary Fund after the seizure of white-owned commercial farms slashed exports of crops including tobacco, paprika and roses.
 The law defines special dividends as 50 percent of the gross value of any sales made by the state-owned Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp.
 The company, owned by another billionaire, Emilio Azcarraga, gets about 70 percent of broadcast viewers.
 Olive Garden, owned by Darden Restaurants Inc, is struggling to lure the younger crowd and turn around three straight quarters of slumping comparable-store sales.
 The executive, who was vice president of corporate planning, replaces Mohammad al-Ali and will lead a newly created group responsible for finance as well as strategy and development, the state-owned company known as Saudi Aramco said in a statement.
 The new senior vice president has worked at Saudi Aramco for 34 years, and was president and chief executive officer of SAMREF, a Saudi-based refiner equally owned by Aramco and Exxon Mobil Corp, from 2002 to 2005, according to the company.
 and a director of Fujian Refining & Petrochemical Co, a Chinese-based refiner owned by Aramco, Sinopec and Exxon Mobil.
 Daimler sold the company, then calledMTU Friedrichshafen, for 16 billion euros to Stockholm-basedprivate equity firm EQT Partners in March 2006 to pay forreorganizing Chrysler, when it still owned the US.
 The biggest state-owned developer reported full-year underlying profit of HK$19 billion, missing the HK$197 billion estimate in a Bloomberg survey.
 The bank was supposed to recoup money as Oceanografia received payments from state-owned oil company Petroleos Mexicanos, known as Pemex.
 The former state-owned carrier wanted the government to “play favorites” between itself and Virgin, he told a media conference March 3.
 The London-based bank, which is 33 percent owned by the UK.
 Dubai, the second-biggest of seven emirates that make up the UAE, and its state-owned companies ran up $113 billion of debt to develop the local real-estate industry and transform into a tourism and financial-services hub.
 The network is 46 percent owned by the Astros, 31 percent by the Houston Rockets and 22 percent by Comcast, according to court papers.
 On broker-owned dark pools, customers’ orders are executed privately instead of being sent to public exchanges.
 He reiterated that T-Mobile, which is 67 percent owned by Deutsche Telekom AG, is being run for the long term.
 The French advertising agency partly-owned by billionaire Vincent Bollore said net income rose to 128 million euros ($177 million).
March 21 (Bloomberg) -- Volvo Car Group, the Swedish luxury-car maker owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, will increase spending this year as it prepares to roll out the new XC90 sport-utility vehicle in a reset of the brand.
 There are exceptions, including an NGP-owned company.
 Oil Leak About 168,000 gallons of oil leaked into Galveston Bay from a barge owned by the Kirby Corp.
 unit, after it collided with a bulk cargo ship owned by Cleopatra Shipping of Greece, according to the US.
 Marois named him chairman of Hydro-Quebec, the state-owned utility, after he gave up executive duties at Quebecor.
 “Pierre Karl is the first billionaire in PQ history,” said Nadeau, who was a vice president of the province’s state-owned pension fund manager, the Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec, when it teamed up with Quebecor to buy Videotron.
 “I believe ports in Vietnam will do well when the world economy has recovered” Cai Mep About $2 billion has been invested in state-of-the-art terminals at Cai Mep port, Vietnam’s only deep-sea facility located at the mouth of the Cai Mep River and South China Sea, by foreign investors and state-owned and private Vietnamese companies.
 The newest one opened in December and is operated by the military-owned Saigon Newport.
 Moeller-Maersk A/S, and the state-owned Vinalines and Saigon Port.
March 17 (Bloomberg) -- Imperial Oil Ltd, the Canadian energy company majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, agreed to sell some assets to Whitecap Resources Inc.
 Donskoy Tabak, owned by entrepreneur Ivan Savvidis, sells own-brand cigarettes in Russia and exports to countries including Ukraine.
 “Despite the potential corporate governance benefits of the transaction, there are serious concerns regarding the way the company structured the proposed corporate reorganization,” ISS, which is owned by MSCI Inc, said in a report published today.
 Gallagher voiced concern about a recent Fed rule that would subject broker-dealers owned by foreign banks to new capital and liquidity requirements for lenders with more than $50 billion in assets.
 Growth Target China Minsheng Banking Corp, the nation’s first privately owned bank, gained 28 percent to 775 yuan.
 paced losses amid concern the government’s pledge to deepen reforms will erode profits of state-owned companies.
 11 from bidding on government contracts for 21 months after saying it violated agreements with the state-owned oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos, known as Pemex.
 About 23 million people will be able to swipe their local debit or e-zwich card on 2,500 point of sale devices in Accra by May, Archie Hesse, chief executive officer of state-owned Ghana Interbank Payment and Settlement Systems, said in a March 14 interview.
 Barclays Plc said the Chinese government may announce investment projects and reforms of state-owned companies as the slowdown in manufacturing threatens Premier Li Keqiang’s 75 percent economic growth target for this year.
 China Minsheng Banking Corp, the nation’s first privately owned bank, added 08 percent to 762 yuan.
 Tension between the two men have escalated since December, when Sanusi called for an investigation into the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp.
March 25 (Bloomberg) -- Most Chinese stocks rose as Shanghai-based companies rallied on expectations the city will accelerate reforms of state-owned enterprises.
 The Chinese government may announce investment projects and reforms of state-owned companies as the slowdown in manufacturing threatens Premier Li Keqiang’s 75 percent economic growth target for this year, Barclays Plc said in a report yesterday.
 The increase is denting a recovery in the housing market, with sales of previously owned homes falling to a 46 million seasonally adjusted annual rate in February, the weakest since July 2012, according to the National Association of Realtors.
 Agency mortgage bonds -- or those guaranteed by taxpayer-backed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or US-owned Ginnie Mae -- have gained 17 percent this year through yesterday, the most in a quarter since 2011, underperforming similar-duration government debt by 18 basis points, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data.
 Workers at another terminal operator owned by Hutchison Port went on a 40-day strike for more wages last May, leading some shipping lines to divert vessels to nearby ports in China.
March 6 (Bloomberg) -- AC Milan, the seven-time European soccer champion owned by former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, is weighing a sale, according to three people with knowledge of the matter.
 The state-owned developer benefited from its focus on so-called first-tier cities, which include Beijing and Shanghai, as home prices rose more than 15 percent in December in those two cities from a year ago, according to the National Bureau of Statistics data.
 He would convert Fuse, owned by New York-based Madison Square Garden Co, into Revolt TV, which has backing from Comcast Corp, said the people, who requested anonymity because the talks are private.
March 21 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, is in advanced talks to purchase a strategic stake in AS.
 “But it needs to be at a more favorable price for Westfield Retail shareholders” Westfield, Australia’s biggest mall operator, in December proposed combining the stakes it holds in shopping centers in Australia and New Zealand with those owned by Westfield Retail to create the self-governing Scentre Group.
 Sterigenics, a biotechnology company owned by private equity firm GTCR LLC, will pay $1175 a share for the company.
 The retailer will begin accepting trade-ins on March 26, and customers will be able to buy pre-owned video games later this year.
 24, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Meghan McAndrew, a spokeswoman for Pittsburgh-based Federated Investors, confirmed that debt the company owned is backed by a letter of credit.
 State-owned Comision Federal de Electricidad plans to take advantage of the legal changes to sell natural gas, Chief Executive Officer Enrique Ochoa said at the Bloomberg Economic Summit in Mexico City yesterday.
 Trademark Lafarge Unit Bests Ang in Philippines ‘Eagle’ Dispute Lafarge SA’s cement unit in the Philippines won a trademark battle with a company owned by the president of San Miguel Corp, the InterAksyon news website reported.
 rose to a record in Mumbai trading after providing details of funding for a factory that will be wholly owned by parent Suzuki Motor Corp.
 Maruti will ask minority investors for their view on a planned 50 billion-yen ($492 million) plant that will be owned by Suzuki and supply all output to the Indian company, the New Delhi-based carmaker said March 15.
 “Legally it’s not binding but how we take it is another matter” Suzuki Motor owned 5621 percent of Maruti as of Dec.
 The production of cars by a Suzuki-owned subsidiary would lead to lower earnings than from vehicles made by Maruti directly, Ashvin Shetty and Ritu Modi, analysts at Ambit Capital Pvt, wrote in a note on Feb.
 LightSquared argued that he still could be treated differently from other creditors because he was a competitor and shouldn’t have owned the debt at all.
 The region’s main city, Gulu, was re-connected in September to a railway that runs to Mombasa port in neighboring Kenya after operator Rift Valley Railways Ltd, which is majority owned by Citadel Capital, restored part of the track that had been left idle for two decades.
 Under Wheeler’s proposal, stations sharing ad sales would be considered commonly owned, and companies would have two years to come into compliance with rules against owning multiple stations in the same market.
 and the World Bank said they will invest $132 million to push banks in developing economies to lend to women-owned businesses.
 “We need to do more so that investing in women becomes mainstream by businesses and financial institutions alike” The bank estimates that women-owned companies face a $300 billion credit gap, made worse in some countries by unfavorable regulation.
 To date, SEFs owned by six interdealer brokers are dominating volume for rate swaps.
 28 traded on SEFs owned by ICAP, Tullett Prebon, BGC Partners Inc, Cie.
 The other 4 percent were traded on SEFs owned by Tradeweb, Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP, TrueEX LLC and Javelin Capital Markets LLC, according to Clarus.
 In November, he warned SEFs owned by interdealer brokers that they must ensure everyone could use their systems.
 At the same time, he said, SEFs owned by Tradeweb, MarketAxess Holdings Inc.
 Building Connections The SEFs owned by the interdealer brokers aren’t acting illegally.
 The Singapore state-owned fund owns a 4 percent stake in Brazil’s biggest clearinghouse Cetip SA-Mercados Organizados, valued at about 260 million reais, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Unlike Singapore’s other state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings Pte, GIC almost exclusively invests outside the city-state.
 Asset Pledge Partially owned by a Goldman Sachs-led consortium, IHS, which provides mobile phone infrastructure and services, has agreed to buy almost 3,000 towers from MTN in Rwanda, Zambia, Cameroon and the Ivory Coast since 2012.
 His father was a caretaker in subsidized housing and owned a small grocer that barely broke even.
 One of the first investments was the acquisition of a 61 percent stake in Urbplan, then known as Scopel Desenvolvimento Urbano SA, a family-owned real estate company in Sao Paulo that focused on middle- and low-income housing as well as first-time homebuyers.
 Abramovich, Deripaska Evraz Plc, partly owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, and Oleg Deripaska’s United Co.
 They are even lower than those on VW, according to price data from CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Domini owned 5,835 shares of Chipotle as of Sept.
 The SEC oversees broker-dealers, the largest of which are owned by big banks supervised by the Fed.
 local time yesterday, the Johannesburg-based state-owned utility said in a statement on Facebook.
 The blackouts shut most shops and restaurants at the Victoria & Alfred Waterfront in Cape Town, South Africa’s most-visited tourist attraction, including those owned by Exclusive Books Group Ltd.
 Consol Ltd, a glass manufacturer that’s Africa’s biggest and is owned by Brait SE, halted production at one of its plants in Nigel, east of Johannesburg, for four hours yesterday because of the blackout, CEO Mike Arnold said in a phone interview.
 13 and made public this month, Oklahoma district court judge Howard Haralson said that the “marital portion of non-passive enhanced value” of 125 million shares of Continental stock owned by Harold Hamm “is reserved for further determination” Haralson issued a partial summary judgment in a motion filed by Harold Hamm, 69, to declare the stock a premarital asset.
 Since establishing its regional headquarters in Bahrain 14 months ago, the firm has been involved in one deal, the sale and leaseback of a private school owned by GEMS Education.
 estimates, shaking up the $600 billion tobacco market and luring companies such as Siegfried and family-owned CNT.
 The central bank and state-owned oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA can sell bonds and dollars in Sicad 2, the Gazette said.
March 4 (Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group LLC, the Wall Street firm owned by Leucadia National Corp, said first-quarter profit rose 23 percent as investment-banking revenue increased.
 Eckel helps manage about C$14 billion with the firm, and once owned Ballard.
 “One can see great expenditures having to be incurred in the next couple of quarters, perhaps, to revive elements of the infrastructure which has fallen behind through this” Downpours in South Africa’s northeastern provinces caused Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, the state-owned utility that generates 95 percent of the country’s electricity, to declare an emergency and enforce rolling blackouts last week because wet coal affected production at power plants.
 The Singapore-based commodity trader saw its stock rise 12 percent today after a unit of the nation’s state-owned investment company offered to buy it in a deal that values Olam at S$53 billion ($42 billion).
 The naval contract, originally awarded to Koc Holding’s RMK Marine, was canceled by the prime minister’s inspection board after a Koc-owned hotel opened its doors to anti-government protesters last June.
 Sogaz is part-owned by OAO Bank Rossiya, a St.
 A wholly owned unit of Bank Rossiya reduced its stake in Sogaz to 485 percent from 51 percent on March 11, according to regulatory disclosure on the insurer’s website.
 bank blocking a payment from its embassy in Astana, Kazakhstan, to Sogaz Insurance Group as “illegal and absurd” Sogaz is part-owned by OAO Bank Rossiya, a St.
April 17 (Bloomberg) -- Slovakia expects to fetch 1 billion euros ($14 billion) from the sale of its remaining stake in the country’s largest phone company, which is majority owned by Deutsche Telekom AG.
 retailer owned byTPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP, two people withknowledge of the matter said Feb.
 The 70 percent state-owned utility must take into account the interests of private shareholders, he said.
 “Should new blocks be built, it would be desirable to have them built by a 100 percent state-owned company, without even a minority participation of private capital” Power for next-year delivery in Germany, where CEZ sells part of its output, has slid 76 percent this year to 34 euros per megawatt-hour, adding to declines of 16 percent in 2013 and 14 percent in 2012.
 “So Ministers who propose this don’t get very far” Fruit Flavors Postobon SA, owned by billionaire Carlos Ardila Lulle, Colombia’s 3rd-wealthiest person, sells sweet, brightly-colored fruit-flavored drinks, as well as PepsiCo Inc.
 Under the proposed deal’s structure, the combined company would be owned by a new UK.
 Vietnam Airlines is one of the biggest state-owned companies being considered for stake sales in the country.
 The government has been trying to conduct an IPO of the state-owned Vietnam Airlines since at least 2010 amid intensifying domestic competition.
 VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Co, a privately owned airline, in February said it is considering sale and leaseback of aircraft and a share sale to help pay for the 100 Airbus Group NV planes it has ordered.
 Blocked Benefit Two years later, the ensuing law prevented companies from receiving the tax benefit of an overseas merger if their existing shareholders still owned 80 percent or more of the company’s stock after the deal.
 It wasn’t open to 14 institutions already under criminal investigation, including Credit Suisse Group AG, the second-biggest Swiss bank; the Swiss unit of HSBC Holdings Plc; Julius Baer Group Ltd, Switzerland’s third-largest wealth manager; and Zuercher Kantonalbank, the largest state-owned regional bank.
 Lombard, Odier SCA, Geneva’s oldest bank, and BSI Group, the Swiss private bank owned by Italy’s Assicurazioni Generali SpA.
 Banks that said they will participate include: Union Bancaire Privee, the Geneva-based bank founded by Edgar de Picciotto in 1969; Edmond de Rothschild Group, owned by Baron Benjamin de Rothschild; and EFG International AG, controlled by Greek billionaire Spiro Latsis and his family.
 The nine mines and assets owned by Barrick and Newmont in Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Indonesia produced about 29 million ounces in 2013, and have reserves of 335 million ounces, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
April 9 (Bloomberg) -- Monoprix, the French supermarket chain owned by Casino Guichard-Perrachon SA, may allow shoppers to pay for their groceries and other goods using Bitcoins.
 Samsung Everland, a theme park owned by the country’s largest conglomerate, canceled a three-day cherry blossom festival.
 ING will get 750 million euros in cash from RRJ, 425 million euros from Temasek, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, and 100 million euros from Temasek-owned Seatown Holdings International, Amsterdam-based ING said today.
 Ecclestone said television will continue to be the “mainstay” of the 64-year-old series, which he’s owned or managed since 1995.
 Cohen, who owned about 500,000 shares of the computermaker, began liquidating his entire position within minutes ofreceiving an e-mail from Horvath and Steinberg, the US.
 2010 Trades The French regulator’s allegations pertain to trades made in 2010, when Elliott disclosed that Eiffarie, a joint venture owned by construction company Eiffage SA and Macquarie Group Ltd’s infrastructure unit, planned to buy Elliott’s APRR shares.
 “This, combined with a more moderate rise in trader inventory, seems to explain why port stocks look to have risen while the mills have been destocking” Macquarie said historical data show there has “often” been an inverse relationship between iron ore prices and the percentage of mill-owned stocks held in China’s ports, with mills holding more stock in port when prices are falling, and vice versa.
 were owned by the Swiss subsidiary and which were owned by Caterpillar, though they were commingled in US.
 The Warriors have played in Oakland since 1971 and are owned by an investor group led by Lacob and Peter Guber, chairman of Mandalay Entertainment Group.
 Miners including Sesa Sterlite Ltd, owned by billionaire Anil Agarwal, and Timblo Group will benefit from the resumption of ore extraction.
 Martinair, founded in 1958 and wholly owned by Air France-KLM since December 2008, has five Boeing Co.
 The gauge has since gained 15 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 and owned AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc.
 Metsae Fibre is owned by Metsaeliitto Cooperative with a 502 percent stake.
 The measure is on course for its lowest close since May 2010, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 It will now build and operate the two new projects over 20 years for Fisterra Energy, a company owned by funds managed by the US.
 Codelco Funding Bachelet is committed to seeking new finances to underpin investments needed by state-owned Codelco, the world’s largest copper producer, Williams said.
 A gold strike in 1987 by 200,000 workers lasted three weeks, while about 80,000 AMCU members have downed tools since Jan.
 The Weather Channel is owned by Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal, Bain Capital and Blackstone Group LP.
 JSC Commercial Bank DNB Bank will be sold to Asokerco Trading Limited LLC, owned by the majority shareholder in B&N Bank JSC, Mikail Shishkhanov, DNB said.
 The company, co-owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman and Norway’s Telenor ASA, agreed to sell 51 percent of Orascom Telecom Algerie SpA, or Djezzy, to the Algerian National Investment Fund for $264 billion, VimpelCom said April 18 in a statement.
 Horseracing fans can view Tellytrack, a channel 61 percent owned by Phumelela that shows both domestic and international horse races, as part of their Multichoice TV package provided by media company Naspers Ltd.
 Sales at cafes open 13 months or longer climbed 6 percent worldwide, while analysts projected growth of 54 percent, the average of 22 estimates from Consensus Metrix, owned by Kaul Advisory Group in Wayne, New Jersey.
 in the next year as part of a review of its state-owned assets.
 The province will set up a panel to advise on its state-owned assets, to be led by Toronto-Dominion Bank Chief Executive Officer Ed Clark.
April 3 (Bloomberg) -- Vivendi SA’s board is free to choose a buyer for its SFR phone unit even as state-owned Caisse des Depots et Consignations backs one of the two bidders, CDC Chief Executive Officer Jean-Pierre Jouyet said.
 CDC would invest 300 million euros ($411 million) in cash and would hold a stake of about 3 percent, an unidentified official at the state-owned bank said March 20.
 The lawmakers warned that a catastrophe involving a bank-owned supertanker or power plant could jeopardize a lender’s health and leave taxpayers on the hook for a bailout.
 Bank Tax OTP competes with mostly foreign-owned banks including Erste Group Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, KBC Groep NV, Intesa SanPaolo SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 It was a Remus 6000 submarine owned by Herzig’s institute that located the wreckage from Air France 447 in April 2011, in collaboration with two others from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute of Falmouth, Massachusetts.
 and Fidelity manage 39 percent of all mutual fund-owned taxable bonds today, up from 18 percent in 1997, according to Morningstar Inc.
 The firm, 20 percent owned by affiliates of Samsung Group,had 100 domestic branches as of December and 2,554 full-timeworkers, according to a regulatory filing.
 Ohio and New York have passed measures negotiated with dealers that limit the number of company-owned stores.
 State Regulation Company-owned stores will take consumers’ bargaining power away, said Charles Cyrill, a spokesman for the National Automobile Dealers Association in McLean, Virginia.
 She will continue as chief operating officer of Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, which also sells fragrances and skin-care products and is owned by Estee Lauder Cos.
 The government-owned mortgage firms’ success in that segment of the market provides a glimpse of how the system could work in the larger business of insuring single-family home mortgages.
 It was founded in 2010by Hirander Misra, Rami Habib and Alexei Lebedev, who ownedstakes along with Algo Engineering LLC, a technology firmspecializing in algorithmic trading.
 The company is 885 percent-owned by Colombia’s government and rated BBB by Standard & Poor’s, the second-lowest level of investment grade.
 Dispute Settled Gecamines is also trying to find financing for its fully owned Deziwa and Ecaille C mining concessions, among Congo’s largest with 485 million certified tons of copper and 401,900 tons of cobalt reserves.
 In the same town, a car dealership selling vehicles produced by Kia Motors Corp, part-owned by FIFA sponsor Hyundai Motor Co, was set alight.
 The remaining 20 percent of Oncor is in the hands of Texas Transmission Investment LLC, an entity indirectly owned by an Ontario municipal pension fund and Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund.
 A buyer could also bid for the other 20 percent not owned by Energy Future, he said.
 Oncor Growth Oncor’s steady return and growth potential could make it a target for a number of investor-owned utilities including Berkshire’s MidAmerican Energy, Timothy Winter, an analyst for Gabelli & Co, said in an interview.
 sells footwear and accessories in more than 1,750 corporate-owned and franchised stores in 82 countries.
 ‘Getting Raided’ A fiduciary duty for trustees is also needed to protect investors from government accords with banks and loan servicers that allow the firms to meet their legal obligations by writing down mortgages owned by investors, rather than their own loans, he said.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- Virgin Group Ltd, the investment group owned by Richard Branson, is to wind down its private-equity unit after canceling plans to raise a new fund, according to three people with knowledge of the matter.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company will buy a stake in Seven Energy International Ltd.
 Robert Diamond’s Atlas Mara on April 6 said it was buying a stake in state-owned Development Bank of Rwanda after previously agreeing to acquire Gaborone, Botswana-based financial services company BancABC for as much as $265 million.
 The unit of the government-owned mortgage giant that funds apartment buildings is set to begin financing manufactured-housing communities, the company said in a statement today.
April 8 (Bloomberg) -- South Africans are being forced to forgo their greens after unseasonal rains drowned seedlings in the country’s main salad-farming areas.
 Net Income The lender, founded as Tinkoff Credit Systems in 2007 and part-owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has issued more than 4 million cards in Russia, according to the company.
 “The database that was accessed in this criminal scheme was owned and controlled by US InfoSearch, a company that is completely separate from Experian,” the company said.
 After this, you’re going into a new election cycle all over again” The Johnson-Crapo bill, the most thorough proposal yet for remaking the housing-finance system, would replace the US- owned companies over five years with federal insurance for mortgage bonds that would kick in only after private investors were wiped out.
 Atlantic Broadband, owned by Montreal-based Cogeco Cable Inc, was the first US.
 Tesco in October agreed to pay state-owned China Resources Enterprises $558 million for a 20 percent stake in a new retail venture, combining the UK.
 Among companies taking advantage of downtown’s lower costs was MacMillan Publishers Ltd’s science and education unit, which in the quarter took about 176,000 square feet at 1 New York Plaza, a 50-story tower near the foot of Manhattan owned by Brookfield Office Properties Inc.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 A real estate business owned by Abel’s unit announced a venture in 2012 to franchise the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices name to brokerages.
 The competition is owned equally by billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd, broadcaster Star India Pvt.
 publishing business, which is currently owned by a unit of the parent company, according to a statement today.
 Timchenko owned a 50 percent stake in the Cyprus holding company according to the prospectus.
 Visualize gardens growing and dolphins swimming and any dream you care to dream of a government that responds to its people” When she finishes, a few of those gathered, echoing how Williamson ends her own talks, add, “And so it is” Williamson, 61, is the best-selling author of 13 books on spirituality and a renowned New Age guru, although she hates that term.
 Beer Brand State-owned China Resources Holdings employs more than 400,000 people and controls businesses spanning power generation, cement production, real estate and finance.
 State-owned China National Petroleum Corp.
 A journalist at a newspaper owned by Xinhua said April 16 that he had reported Song Lin to the anti-graft watchdog, according to the China Daily.
 offer some of its older shows to the e-commerce company’s Prime subscribers starting in late May, the first time the Time Warner Inc-owned network has made its content available to anyone outside of the pay-TV universe.
 Vodacom, which is 65 percent owned by Vodafone Group Plc, is seeking new sources of sales growth as competition and regulatory changes weigh on revenue.
 Ending her first year as SEC chairman, White faces a surge of pressure to rein in high-frequency traders portrayed as the stock market’s scalpers in Michael Lewis’s new book, “Flash Boys” A former litigator renowned for her independent streak, White said the agency won’t be knocked off its course.
 retailer owned by TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners LP, two people with knowledge of the matter said Feb.
 Reinforce Capital While Eneva has become the biggest private thermoelectric generator in the country, it posted a record loss of 9425 million reais last year and its debt-to-market value ratio is the highest after state-owned Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA among 148 major utilities in the Americas tracked by Bloomberg.
 Iusacell, co-owned by billionaire Ricardo Salinas and by Grupo Televisa SAB, the country’s largest broadcaster, has struggled to compete with larger rivals such as America Movil SAB and Telefonica SA.
 The Abu Dhabi state-owned fund, which owns a 15 percent stake and convertible bonds in National Central, may complete a sale for about $300 million, the people said, asking not to be identified as the information isn’t public.
 Dubai’s district cooling firm Empower, majority owned by Dubai Electricity & Water Authority, bought Dubai World unit Palm District Cooling for $500 million in January.
 NUM Revival The NUM has been accepting AMCU members and has regained recognition at Anglo American Platinum, General Secretary Frans Baleni told state-owned Lesedi FM yesterday.
 Loss Forecast The airline, majority owned by government investment company Khazanah Nasional Bhd, will lose another $346 million by the end of 2016, according to analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
April 3 (Bloomberg) -- Amyris Inc, the biotechnology company partially owned by Total SA, rose after agreeing to develop a microorganism for BASF SE.
 The trades generated tax credits on capital gains for deals that state-owned bank didn’t pay tax on, the bank said.
 In the first case, being heard April 28, Nautilus Inc, maker of Bowflex exercise equipment, claims a patent on a heart-rate monitor owned by Biosig Instruments Inc.
 is disputing claims it infringed a patent owned by Akamai Technologies Inc.
 Unrest at the factory began April 5 when 600 workers took to the streets around the factory, blocking roads and demanding that the company pay full contributions to social insurance and housing programs, the government-owned Xinhua news agency reported.
April 4 (Bloomberg) -- Ireland’s state-owned bad bank agreed to buy Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and KBC Groep NV loans to Ireland’s largest shopping mall, its first purchase of debt that didn’t belong to the country’s bailed-out lenders, people familiar with the matter said.
April 3 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railway Co, the carrier owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, will need the rest of 2014 to untangle train tie-ups in the corridor that serves North Dakota’s Bakken shale region.
 Education Management Co, the for-profit college chain partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc; Corinthian Colleges Inc; ITT Educational; and Career Education Corp.
 The company dug for chrome ore alongside Zimbabwe Alloys Ltd, once owned by Anglo American Plc, which ceased mining operations last year.
 The government of President Goodluck Jonathan, which sold 15 state-owned power generation and distribution companies last year, is spending $35 billion to boost transmission capacity this year in Africa’s most populous nation by 50 percent from 4,000 megawatts, less than a 10th of South Africa’s full capacity.
 This is why some banks have chosen not to participate in the ongoing lending spree” Lower Cost The Central Bank of Nigeria increased cash-reserve requirements on deposits made by government ministries and agencies and state-owned companies to 75 percent from 50 percent last year and told lenders to lower fees and commissions to reduce costs to customers.
 State-owned Sinopec said in March last year it would form a $3 billion joint venture with its parent China Petrochemical Corp.
 A deal of that size would be the biggest asset sale by a Chinese state-owned company, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Returns Trail State-owned Sinopec approved a plan in February to seek private investors for its retail business.
 The weaker-than-expected performance comes as Sinopec positions itself at the forefront of China’s restructuring of its state-owned enterprises.
 Of the 10 most-owned options of the fund, eight are bearish.
 Wagers betting on a 36 percent decline to $56 by June 21 were the most owned, followed by bets betting on a drop to $51 over the same period, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 India has about 20 state-owned refineries, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 His bid to boost road and rail infrastructure spending through selling off state-owned ports and electricity providers hit a snag last month when the nation’s anti-trust regulator blocked his planned A$151 billion sale of power plants to AGL Energy Ltd.
 Adidas said in 2012 it would close the last factory itowned in China.
 Cnooc, Tencent The Beijing-based, state-owned company April 22 reported gains in first quarter output and sales as production rose at its Canadian unit Nexen.
 “Turkey wants to significantly reduce their dependence by 2023” Shell was the first large international explorer to try its luck with Turkey’s shale, teaming up with the state-owned energy company TPAO.
 Angola’s state-owned Sonangol EP and China Petrochemical Group are also partners.
 “The SUV boom will continue until the next fuel price shock, which will probably lead to a drop in demand” The coupe SUV from Mercedes, which is owned by Daimler AG, will share underpinnings with the M-Class SUV and be built at the automaker’s US.
 Hydropower accounts for more than 90 percent of the nation’s supplies, according to the company, which buys from state-owned Zesco Ltd.
 Loss Forecast The airline, majority owned by government investment company Khazanah Nasional Bhd, will lose another $346 million by the end of 2016, according to analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
 VimpelCom, co-owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman and Norway’s Telenor ASA, dropped 28 percent to $880 in New York.
 Public Filings The SEC claims in its complaint that the Wylys “knew or should have known that they were beneficial owners of these securities and that the alleged failure to disclose this information was part of the fraud scheme” The defendants say they disclosed the transfer of securities in public SEC filings, and the securities were then owned and controlled solely by the offshore trusts.
 Russian Shipments Russia shipped 258 billion cubic meters of gas to Ukraine last year, including supplies to state-owned NAK Naftogaz Ukrainy, or about 71 million cubic meters per day, meeting half of the nation’s demand, according to data from Gazprom.
 The median sale price jumped 17 percent from a year earlier to $900,000, according to the site, which is owned by Zillow Inc.
 And they have” On the Upper East Side, previously owned condos sold for a median of $135 million, up 34 percent from a year earlier, according to Corcoran.
 seeks “property owned by, or held for the benefit of, the Islamic Republic of Iran or any of instrumentalities, including but not limited to Bank Markazi, by Clearstream Banking SA or any of its subsidiaries,” according to a March 27 federal grand jury subpoena filed by prosecutors in the office of Manhattan US.
 District Judge Katherine Forrest, who’s presiding over the case, that his office was served with a federal subpoena for “all records concerning Clearstream’s possession or control of property beneficially owned by Iran or Bank Markazi,” and “services rendered by Clearstream for the benefit of Iran or Bank Markazi” as well as copies of all filings he’s made in the case.
 claimed Bank Melli, Iran’s national bank, co-owned the building through Assa.
 The cup is part of the Meiyintang Collection, owned by Philippines-born businessman Stephen Zuellig.
 Other Sotheby’s highlights include a jadeite necklace owned by American department store heiress Barbara Hutton, described in the Sotheby’s catalog as “the most important piece of jadeite jewelry known to the world” and expected to sell for as much as HK$100 million including buyer’s premium.
 Full Ownership SL Green, said in March that it was assuming full ownership of the complex, acquiring a stake owned by the real estate arm of Canadian pension fund Caisse de Depot & Placement du Quebec.
 IDE is jointly owned by Israel Chemicals Ltd.
 The company owned more than 106,000 dairy cows, the second-largest herd in the nation, as of end 2012, the company said in its prospectus, citing researcher Frost & Sullivan.
 In April 2013, Mando bought 3785 billion won ($358million) of new shares in wholly owned affiliate Meister Inc,which in turn invested 3385 billion won in Halla Corp, thencalled Halla Engineering & Construction Corp.
 Parex’s largest non-state-owned competitor is Pacific Rubiales Energy Co, a Bogota and Toronto-listed company with a market value of about C$67 billion.
 Colombian state-owned oil producer Ecopetrol SA, a partner of Pacific’s in the area, declined to comment on the rise in tremors when contacted by e-mail.
 carrier owned by Japan’s SoftBank Corp, is exploring a tie-up with T-Mobile US Inc.
 In March, Albertsons, the supermarket chain owned by Cerberus Capital Management LP, said it would pay about $9 billion for rival Safeway Inc.
May 1 (Bloomberg) -- New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is relying on the state-owned helicopter fleet more than ever, with 106 trips last year at a cost of $2,500 an hour.
 The governor flew to Williamsport Regional Airport aboard a $125 million State Police-owned AgustaWestland AW139.
 “Higher volume of customer deposits will help us reduce the effect” The Central Bank of Nigeria increased cash reserve requirements on deposits made by government ministries and agencies and state-owned companies to 75 percent from 50 percent last year and told lenders to lower fees and commissions to reduce costs to customers.
 VimpelCom, co-owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman and Norway’s Telenor ASA, agreed to sell 51 percent of Orascom Telecom Algerie SpA, or Djezzy, to the Algerian National Investment Fund for $264 billion, VimpelCom said today in a statement.
 Belarusian Potash Co, the trader that Uralkali owned jointly at the time with Belaruskali, agreed to sell 1 million tons to India on behalf of both owners at $427 a ton in February 2013.
 Discovery offered about 350 million pounds ($588 million) for the broadcaster owned by Richard Desmond’s Northern & Shell, said the person, who wasn’t authorized to speak publicly and asked not to be identified.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 Burger King’s Russian unit, part-owned by state-run investment bank VTB Capital, has opened six restaurants this month.
 It was opposed by Norway’s state-owned Petoro AS, also a partner.
 Lingerie Shop Lindex, which was acquired by Helsinki-based Stockmann in 2007, started as a lingerie shop 60 years ago and now has more than 470 wholly owned and franchise stores in the Nordic region, eastern Europe, Russia and the Middle East.
 The ANC also plans to boost entrepreneurship by giving small-scale black-owned businesses more government contracts and by ensuring they can borrow capital from a state-owned bank, Mkhize said.
 Vevo is co-owned by Vivendi SA’s Universal Music Group, Sony Corp’s Sony Music Entertainment, Google Inc.
 and a joint venture owned by AT&T Inc.
 Nykredit’s main shareholder is a cooperative owned by borrowers.
 Sales of previously owned properties in March tumbled 75 percent from a year earlier to the slowest pace in 20 months and mortgage applications to buy homes plunged 19 percent from a year earlier, indicating slowing demand during what is typically the busiest season for deals.
 It’s processed through five terminals including Sonils, a unit of state-owned oil company Sonangol EP, where unloading occurs for most supply ships from oil companies operating offshore.
 No Piracy The reported hijacking of a Greek-owned tanker carrying 60,000 tons of diesel in January isn’t a sign of piracy drifting south to Angolan waters from the Gulf of Guinea where it’s common, Bengue said.
 Closings on previously owned properties, which usually occur a month or two after a contract is signed, fell 02 percent to a 459 million annual rate, the lowest level since July 2012, the National Association of Realtors reported yesterday.
 AMF, a Swedish pension-fund group that owned 087 percent of Scania stock as of March 31, is sticking by a decision against selling its shares to Volkswagen.
 The purchase extends state-owned ICBC’s reach overseas as China seeks to increase acceptance of the yuan globally.
 BFA, Bankia’s state-owned parent, has a commitment not to sell a further stake until three months have elapsed since the first transaction at the end of February, Sevilla said.
 Justice Colin Birss ruled both patents, owned by Roche’s Genentech unit, were invalid in a ruling today in London.
 The company was also weighing a bid for Ragu, the pasta-sauce maker that’s owned by Unilever, one person said.
 There are also attractive opportunities in Poland and especially in Slovakia, where the national utility Slovenske Elektrarne AS is owned by Enel SpA, he said.
 lost 25 billion pounds ($42 billion) in 2013 after a bailout of its former banking unit spurred the worst crisis in the 150-year history of the customer-owned British retailer.
 Pocos, in the southeastern state of Minas Gerais, will be fully idled while Sao Luis, a smelter in the northeast that’s 40 percent-owned by BHP Billiton Ltd, will cut output by 97,000 tons.
 CapitaMalls Asia owned 105 shopping malls valued at S$343 billion as of Dec.
 Milan-based UniCredit SpA, Raiffeisen Bank International, based in Vienna, and Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest privately owned lender, have also stopped working in the region, as there’s no “legal basis” to operate under Ukrainian law, the statement said.
 owns 756 percent, while state-owned KazMunaiGaz National Co.
 Alibaba, 24 percent owned by Yahoo! Inc, is competing with Tencent Holdings Ltd.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- China plans to fold developers of military hardware into listed state-owned companies, people familiar with the matter said, giving them access to capital markets as the country prioritizes high-technology defense capability.
 The plan would allow military research institutes to be incorporated into state-owned enterprises, said the two people, who asked not to be identified because they weren’t authorized to discuss the plans publicly.
 Sensitive Technology Still, military institutes working on highly sensitive technologies are unlikely to see their assets injected into listed state-owned companies, Grevatt said.
 “There has been a trend to streamline originally fully-state owned enterprises and make them a lot more competitive internationally,” Hardy said.
 Scenic Swimming Nevada Property 1, the resort’s parent company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank, has a $35 billion loan payable to the bank, according to a regulatory filing.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 CapitaCommercial Trust is partly owned by CapitaLand Ltd, Southeast Asia’s biggest developer.
 The French state has no direct shareholding in Alstom, although the company depends in part on orders from the SNCF railway network and from Electricite de France SA, the electric utility that’s 84 percent government-owned.
 Under the rules, Telecom Egypt, which is 80 percent owned by the government, will have one year to negotiate an exit from its mobile joint venture with Vodafone Group Plc.
 Eight of the 10 most-owned contracts were bullish, with calls betting on a 9 percent jump to $590 by April 19 having the largest open interest, the data show.
 The federal Jones Act restricts domestic seaborne trade to vessels owned, flagged and built in the US.
 State-owned generators Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA and CPFL Energia SA could also offer power to help reduce utilities’ 32-gigawatt exposure to record-high spot market prices, he said by telephone from Sao Paulo.
 “The state-owned companies may not have much option but to sell at the government-set ceiling prices” The most severe drought in at least four decades has reduced southeastern hydroelectric dam levels to the lowest since 2001, when Brazil last rationed power.
 “The pipeline in the next three months is still very strong because state-owned enterprises and private companies have plans to raise money in offshore markets such as Hong Kong,” said Westpac’s Jin.
 Itochu has now written down most of the 78 billion yen, worth $104 billion at the time, it paid in 2011 for a 25 percent stake in family-owned Samson.
 PZU, which in 2012 announced plans to spend as much as 7 billion zloty on foreign acquisitions, earlier considered takeovers of state-owned insurers in former Yugoslav republics, including Croatia, Serbia and Montenegro.
 All have avoided default as issuers or third parties such as state-owned bad-loan managers and guarantee firms eventually repaid investors in full.
 A Chinese court released a Japanese ship owned by Mitsui OSK.
 Barclays joins Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest government-owned lender, and Lloyds Banking Group Plc in exiting consumer and commercial-banking business in the UAE.
 All of the 10 most-owned options on the ETF were bullish.
(Corrects to say Seabrook 1 reactor is owned by NextEra Energy Inc.
 Temasek Holdings Pte Ltd, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, was incorporated in 1974 to own assets previously held by the government.
 Verma is also chairman of India’s largest iron ore miner, NMDC Ltd, again 80 percent owned by the state and a Navratna.
 They just follow decisions of their political masters” Steel Authority’s Verma chairs the Standing Conference of Public Enterprises, an association of government-owned companies.
 Li Runsheng, Beijing-based spokesman for state-owned CNPC, the country’s largest oil producer, didn’t answer three calls to his office line today outside of normal business hours.
 Weibo Corp, the Chinese microblogging service owned by Sina Corp, rallied 69 percent to $1956 after earlier slumping as much as 56 percent.
 of America, the policyholder-owned firm founded in 1860, hired Marc Costantini as chief financial officer to replace Robert Broatch, who’s retiring.
 seller of savings products and life insurance that’s now owned by Manulife, and president of Hancock’s annuities business.
 “But going forward, we see year-over-year price growth slowly decelerating” Sales of previously owned US.
 The index measures transactions for single-family properties financed with mortgages owned or securitized by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 The company, 21 percent-owned by SABMiller Plc, the world’s second-biggest brewer, will release its full annual results May 15.
 The airline, which is owned by the government of the United Arab Emirates, plans to use its minority holdings to help funnel traffic through Abu Dhabi.
 The gauge has since gained 15 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Erdenes Tavan Tolgoi, Mongolia’s largest state-owned coal miner, has trimmed its debt to a Chinese customer to $130 million from $350 million, and aims to pay the remaining amount due this year.
 He said he’s in talks to wash coal at a plant owned by Hong Kong-listed Mongolian Mining Corp, also located in the Tavan Tolgoi basin.
 Production at De Beers, a gem producer owned by Anglo, rose 18 percent to 75 million carats.
 The company went private nine years ago in a $422 million deal backed by Temasek, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, along with OSIM International Ltd.
 The company is 44 percent owned by Chairman Tony Elumelu and its market capitalization has increased almost tenfold to 1483 billion naira since 2008, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The state-owned company, which has failed to hit its average production growth targets since 2011, is banking on its Nexen acquisition and further spending to boost output, to fulfill a government mandate of securing supplies to meet burgeoning energy demand in China.
 Citic, founded in 1995, says on its website that its largest shareholder is government-owned Citic Group Corp.
 UniCredit SpA, Raiffeisen Bank International and Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest privately owned lender, have also stopped working in the region, as there’s no “a legal basis” to operate under Ukrainian law.
 The gauge has since gained 16 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 this month agreed to buy a stake in state-owned Development Bank of Rwanda, while KKR & Co.
 Dubai Acquisition New York-based Warburg Pincus made its first investment in the Middle East today, agreeing to acquire a controlling stake in Mercator, a Dubai aviation software-solutions company owned by Emirates’ Dnata unit.
 With a shoreline longer than India’s that’s lapped by the Great Barrier Reef, Queensland is seeking to emulate the success of Singapore where resorts owned by Genting Singapore Plc and Las Vegas Sands Corp.
 Separately, in March 2010, Michael Mitchell, who worked as an engineer and salesman for more than 25 years at a DuPont-owned plant in Richmond, was sentenced to 18 months in prison after pleading guilty to stealing Kevlar data to give it to Kolon’s officials.
April 21 (Bloomberg) -- The United Auto Workers dropped its challenge to a February vote in which Volkswagen AG workers in Tennessee rejected representation, dashing one of labor’s best shots at organizing a foreign-owned car plant in the US.
 The remaining 324 percent in Ceska Rafinerska is owned by Eni SpA.
 That offers a more comparable valuation to Yue Xiu Group’s $15 billion offer to buy a majority stake in family-owned Chong Hing Bank Ltd, since the two lenders use different methods for valuing their properties.
 Its presence across southern China’s Pearl River Delta makes it a more attractive target than other smaller family-owned banks in the city, Grace Wu, an analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Ltd, said by phone Sept.
 Already, an online network owned by Slim produces news segments, and he holds an option to acquire a controlling stake in satellite carrier Dish Mexico.
 “We will announce the cargo weight when it’s confirmed” Investigators today raided another ferry owned by Chonghaejin Marine, the ‘Ohamana,’ Yonhap News reported.
 Chonhaiji is 43 percent-owned by another unlisted company I-One-I Holdings Co, whose biggest shareholders are Yoo Hyuk Gi and Yoo Dae Kyoon, according to the companies’ audit reports.
 The mortgage lender, owned by Paris-based bank Groupe BPCE, is expected to sell the bonds following investor meetings beginning on April 22, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because they’re not authorized to speak about it.
 government has taken steps to increase the tax burden for luxury homes and properties owned by foreign buyers through companies.
 IHH, 44 percent owned by Malaysia’s sovereign wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Bhd, has been expanding through acquisitions to benefit from rising demand for medical services in emerging markets.
April 25 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, the UK’s biggest publicly-owned lender, abandoned plans to seek shareholder approval to pay bonuses of as much as twice fixed pay after the government said it would veto the proposal.
 The government said it will, in contrast, back proposals by Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Britain’s second-biggest publicly owned bank, to pay bonuses of as much as twice fixed compensation, because it has “largely completed” its restructuring since its bailout.
 “RBS is heading in the right direction, but it has not yet completed its restructuring and remains a majority publicly-owned bank,” the Treasury said in a statement.
 The Gothenburg, Sweden-based carmaker is owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co.
 The deal comes after state-owned Cofco agreed in February to buy 51 percent of Dutch grain trader Nidera BV, which has annual sales of more than $17 billion, as it seeks to expand food supplies for the world’s most populous nation.
 Figures from the National Association of Realtors showed that sales of previously owned houses and apartments -- the majority of the market -- slowed to an annual rate of 46 million in February.
 Bullish options betting on a 93 percent increase to $36 by June are the most owned calls, the data show.
 Masilela’s state-owned Public Investment Corp.
 The state-owned PIC wants increased competition and has not deterred investors, Masilela said.
 The company is on a shortlist of bidders for a site near Cambridge owned by the Ministry of Defence, said Hugill, who will be executive chairman of the enlarged group.
 ADM has owned 80 percent of Toepfer since 2002.
 While it cleared the backlog by March 31, the facility, together with exporters and Transnet SOC Ltd, the state-owned ports and rail utility, faces losses of about 21 billion rand ($197 million).
 Smaller, black-owned miners will then have access to 34 million tons of annual export capacity.
 Illovo, which is majority owned by Associated British Foods Plc, is set to benefit from rising sugar consumption as people become wealthier, Roshini Moodley, a fund manager at Ashburton, said in the interview.
 Beijing-based AutoNavi, which is already 28 percent owned by Alibaba, has digital-map databases covering about 36 million kilometers (22 million miles) of roads and more than 20 million “points of interest” across China.
 Goldman sent out so-called teasers, or invitation letters, to potential bidders for stock in the Istanbul-based company, which is owned equally by New York-based private-equity firm Rohatyn Group and another buyout investor group that Sozeri, speaking in a phone interview, identified as Spokane while declining to specify other details.
 In a ruling yesterday in London, Justice Colin Birss said both patents, owned by Roche’s Genentech unit, were invalid.
 The railroad may be adding volume at the expense of BNSF Railway Co, the railroad owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which struggled with congestion, Justin Long, an analyst with Stephens Inc, wrote in a March 31 note.
 Under the agreement, the lender will pay $63 billion in cash to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to resolve lawsuits claiming it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by the US-owned mortgage firms.
 State-run OAO Transneft will buy out the company’s oil and oil-products terminals for up to $1 billion, while privately owned Summa Group will get control over Novorossiysk seaport, which will only keep non-oil terminals, Vedomosti said.
April 2 (Bloomberg) -- BYD Co, the Chinese electric-vehicle and battery maker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, is supplying an 86-megawatt solar farm in Rwanda.
 If I owned a car like the i3, I would surely figure it out.
 investor appetite for higher quality state-owned enterprises, is dragging all other Chinese names tighter,” said Mark Reade, a Hong Kong-based desk analyst at Mizuho Securities Asia Ltd.
 The benchmark is on course for its biggest one-day increase since April 11, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The Edinburgh-based company, Britain’s biggest publicly owned lender, said Nov.
 Austria’s South Stream section will be jointly owned by Gazprom and OMV, according to Kurier.
 Gazprom, majority owned by the Russian government, has declined 8 percent this year as tensions escalate in Ukraine.
April 8 (Bloomberg) -- Rhone Capital LLC is in advanced talks to acquire a German chemical joint venture owned by Ashland Inc.
 Factory Workers “In Switzerland, we employ staff from more than 90 countries, from factory workers to the world’s most renowned experts,” Brabeck, an Austrian, said.
 The new cabinet will have as many as 19 members, down from 21, and will focus on new jobs in private businesses as the government seeks to downsize the 780,000-people strong public sector, which combines administration, schools, hospitals, police and state-owned companies.
 Vucic said Serbia will try to boost state coffers by seeking a full share in profit from stakes in companies including Naftna Industrija Srbije, or NIS, majority owned by Russia’s Gazprom Neft OAO, where the state holds a 29 percent stake.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 The 73-year-old Castro, who received a Masters in economics from the University of Kansas and was head of Costa Rica’s state-owned Banco Nacional, said he hopes to tighten the currency band system, which has a floor of 500 colons per dollar and a crawling ceiling.
 “Interest on the ECA package is very favorable and attractive for us” Socar will also borrow $500 million from Denizbank AS, an Istanbul-based lender owned by Russia’s OAO Sberbank, for the commercial portion of the loan package, Suleyman Qasimov, a Socar vice president for economic affairs, told reporters in Baku April 23.
 Two years later, the ensuing law prevented companies from receiving the tax benefit of an overseas merger if their existing shareholders still owned 80 percent or more of the company’s stock after the deal.
 Shares in the three companies rose in Hong Kong yesterday after the magazine Caijing reported that China will set up a state-owned company to lease base stations to the three phone service providers.
 The steelmaker and property developer agreed to pay 2269 billion yuan ($36 billion) to buy Chinese banking and brokerage assets from its state-owned parent.
 report showed contracts to buy previously owned houses increased 34 percent in March, more than economists had predicted.
 EDreams Odigeo, owned by Permira Advisers LLP and Ardian, the private-equity firm formerly known as AXA Private Equity, will issue about 488 million new shares to raise gross proceeds of about 50 million euros, the Barcelona-based company said in a statement today.
 Applus Services SA, also based in Barcelona and owned by Carlyle and Investindustrial Advisors SpA, yesterday announced plans to sell new and existing shares.
 The 70 percent state-owned utility must take into account the interests of private shareholders, he said.
 “Should new blocks be built, it would be desirable to have them built by a 100 percent state-owned company, without even a minority participation of private capital” To contact the reporter on this story: Ladka Bauerova in Prague at lbauerova@bloombergnet To contact the editors responsible for this story: Will Kennedy at wkennedy3@bloombergnet Pawel Kozlowski, James M.
 joint venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, to offer mobile service.
 and was owned by Carlyle Group LP after it emerged from bankruptcy in 1999.
 limits on trainers’ contact with killer whales imposed after one of the animals drowned an amusement park employee during a 2010 show.
 24, 2010, death of Dawn Brancheau, a trainer at the Orlando, Florida, park who was pulled underwater by a 12,000-pound killer whale named Tilikum and drowned during a performance SeaWorld is disappointed by the ruling and “no decision has been made on whether we will appeal,” Fred Jacobs, a SeaWorld spokesman, said in an e-mailed statement.
April 2 (Bloomberg) -- Pangaea REIC, the real estate investment trust owned by Invel Real Estate Partners and the National Bank of Greece SA, aims to raise about 1 billion euros ($14 billion) to invest in Greece and Italy, three people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Rosneft, about 70 percent state-owned, today is under the sway of officials who consider the company their “fiefdom,” according to Valery Nesterov, an oil and gas analyst at Sberbank Investment Research in Moscow.
 31 owned 464,469 GM shares.
 While the fallout might briefly crimp sales, the stock drop is excessive, said Matthew Moran, a fund manager at River Road Asset Management LLC in Louisville, Kentucky, which manages about $11 billion and owned 183,158 GM shares as of Dec.
 At GM, Barra has been “dealing with the issue head on,” said Jordan Smyth, a Bethesda, Maryland-based managing director at Edgemoor Investment Advisors Inc, which owned 201,944 GM shares as of Dec.
 31 owned 99,063 GM shares.
 The company plans to sell its system in partnership with appliance maker Cuisinart, owned by East Windsor, New Jersey-based Conair Corp.
 Aberdeen owned 7 percent in the Hong Kong bank as of March 26, according to a filing to the city’s Securities & Futures Commission.
 Its presence across southern China’s Pearl River Delta makes it a more attractive target than other smaller family-owned banks in the city, Grace Wu, an analyst at Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Ltd, said by phone on Sept.
 The unit, with a 42 percent minority stake owned by Caesars Acquisition Co, a publicly traded company created last year through a rights offering to Caesars shareholders, also got a $1175 billion seven-year term loan.
 The lawmakers have warned that a catastrophe involving a bank-owned supertanker or power plant could jeopardize a lender’s health and leave taxpayers on the hook for a bailout.
 Daimler sold the company, then called MTU Friedrichshafen, for 16 billion euros to Stockholm-based private equity firm EQT Partners in March 2006 to pay for reorganizing Chrysler, when it still owned the US.
 spot is Liberty Kitchen & Oysterette, owned by restaurateur Lee Ellis and culinary director Lance Fegen, a seafood-obsessed surfer who brings in bivalves from across the country.
 Hoek joined Delta Lloyd in 1997 and became CEO in 2001, when it was majority-owned by Aviva Plc, the second-largest UK.
 “The slowdown in Japan business was compensated for by overseas operations, including trading in the US, and sales of shares it owned,” Koichi Niwa, an analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities Inc, said by phone.
 government has taken steps to increase the tax burden for luxury homes and properties owned by foreign buyers through companies.
 “The company continues to attempt to combat lower aluminum prices via capacity curtailment, leading to higher productivity and other cost savings” Credit-default swaps linked to Alcoa jumped 26 basis points yesterday to 179, according to prices compiled by data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Financial Inc.
 The measure, written by Senator Tim Johnson, the South Dakota Democrat who leads the banking panel, and Mike Crapo of Idaho, the committee’s top Republican, would wind down US- owned Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and replace them with a government reinsurer of mortgage bonds.
 More than 480,000 properties nationwide were bank-owned as of last month, compared with more than 1 million in January 2011, according to research firm RealtyTrac.
 Almost 45,000 California homes were bank-owned, down from about 146,000 in January 2011, according to RealtyTrac.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 and Fidelity Investments manage 39 percent of all mutual fund-owned taxable bonds today, up from 18 percent in 1997, according to Morningstar Inc.
 “I’m sure the fact that I had been on the board and we owned a lot of stock may have entered into that.
 At the time, the company owned or operated 111 vessels.
 Ukraine has a “very low” 72 billion cubic meters of gas in underground storage, Andriy Kobolyev, chief executive officer of state-owned NAK Naftogaz Ukrainy, told reporters in Kiev today.
 Air France Sale Opened in 1987 and majority owned by Global Infrastructure Partners, London City’s biggest operator is Air France-KLM Group’s unprofitable CityJet Ltd.
 A report by the National Association of Realtors showed contracts to purchase previously owned US.
 Among the laws awaiting President Jacob Zuma’s signature are those that give the state the right to a free stake in all new energy ventures and forcing private security companies to be at least 51 percent owned by locals.
 The 80 percent government-owned operator will have to pay 25 billion pounds for a mobile license and has a year to negotiate the disposal of its 45 percent stake in Vodafone’s local unit, Minister of Communications Atef Helmy said yesterday.
 existing home sales, also called sales of previously owned homes, probably held close to the lowest level since July 2012 last month, according to a Bloomberg survey.
 dollar price she was offered on international sites like Amazoncom Inc-owned shopbopcom.
 The sandals sell for $67586 on Net-a-Porter, a fashion website owned by Cie.
 The government raised retail natural gas prices by 15 percent last July and has signaled it will start allowing private companies to invest in areas traditionally dominated by state-owned giants.
 Shares of Orange SA, the one-time state-owned phone monopoly formerly known as France Telecom, fell 31 percent in 2012 and is down about 40 percent in five years.
 The gauge has since gained 16 percent as state-owned companies rebounded.
 The service will include voice and third-generation data packages on network capacity leased from all three state-owned carriers, according to Alizila, a website run by Alibaba.
 “Global supply chain disruptions can affect industries in the broader economy that rely upon raw materials” In his letter, Levin stopped short of calling for an outright ban, suggesting the Fed tighten criteria for banks’ allowable commodity-business holdings, limit the value of those investments and require “adequate insurance” Liability Risk Lawmakers have warned that a catastrophe involving a bank-owned supertanker or power plant could jeopardize a lender’s health and leave taxpayers on the hook for a bailout.
 It is controlled by the parent company, with a 42 percent minority stake owned by Caesars Acquisition Co, a publicly traded company created last year through a rights offering to Caesars shareholders.
 Bayerische Landesbank, a state-owned lender based in Munich, has as many as 100 auditors working on the asset quality review, while Banco Sabadell SA, a Spanish lender, hired Deloitte to help it compile data for the exercise.
 Diageo will import three wines from Chateau Minuty, which has been owned and run by the Matton-Farnet family since the 1930s, according to DBR’s website.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 Among the 10 most-owned options on the stock, eight are bullish.
 Axel Springer Digital Classifieds, partly owned by private-equity firm General Atlantic LLC, could be valued at about 3 billion euros ($41 billion) in a share sale that could take place as early as the second half, two of the people said, asking not to be named as the details aren’t public yet.
 They could also be key bidders if governments overcome public reticence about selling assets such as Toronto-based Hydro One Inc, said Burpee, who worked at Ontario Power Generation Inc, the government owned utility formerly known as Ontario Hydro, for three decades before joining the association in 2012.
 VMware, which is majority-owned by EMC Corp, makes virtualization software that lets customers save money by combining multiple applications on a single machine.
 Global sales by Mercedes, which is owned by Stuttgart-based Daimler AG, totaled 158,523 cars and SUVs last month, with first-quarter deliveries rising 15 percent to 374,276.
 Zalando is worth about 38 billion euros based on the valuation of the 36 percent stake held by Investment AB Kinnevik, a Swedish family-owned holding company that invests in technology companies, according to its 2013 financial statements.
 Weibo Corp, the Chinese microblogging service owned by Sina Corp.
 He is chairman at titanium producer OAO VSMPO-Avisma and OAO Uralkali, the world’s largest potash producer, and is on the boards of automaker OAO AvtoVAZ, controlled by Renault SA-Nissan, and OAO Kamaz, part-owned by Daimler AG.
 They’re going to try to fix something that I don’t need fixed, the car’s never been into a dealer while I’ve owned it’ But then I kind of realized how stupid I was being” So while we can’t always count on the automakers to recall the cars, as we’ve learned, the least we could do is cooperate when they do recall them.
 President Barack Obama is due to arrive in Japan tomorrow as part of a four-nation Asia tour, while Vice President Joe Biden in a visit to the region in December called on all sides to take practical steps to “lower the temperature” Ship Seized With ties between China and Japan strained, a Shanghai court ordered the seizure of a Japanese ship owned by Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd.
 About 37 percent of Allegion, the maker of security systems, is owned by hedge funds.
 H&R Block Inc, the tax software provider that is about 27 percent owned by hedge funds, is down 63 percent.
 About 20 traders and brokers sued the exchange, owned by CME Group Inc, in June 2012 just before it adopted the new system, complaining it would cause a loss of pit trading jobs and violated their rights as exchange members.
 Thenecklace was once owned by American department store heiressBarbara Hutton and is described in the Sotheby’s catalog as“the most important piece of jadeite jewelry known to theworld” Auction Record Five bidders vied for several minutes to purchase the 1995Zhang oil on canvas measuring 179 centimeters (705 inches) by229 centimeters.
 The deal with Volvo Cars, owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, will provide coverage in the US.
 State-owned KazMunaiGaz National Co.
 He and a partner owned half of RosUkrEnergo, which was founded in 2004 and emerged as Ukraine’s sole gas importer from 2006 to 2009, between price disputes with Russia that led to supply halts and shortages across Europe.
April 30 (Bloomberg) -- Colombia’s second-biggest pipeline will be fixed in a matter of days after a five-week shutdown that has cut exports and production at state-owned Ecopetrol SA, Mines and Energy Minister Amylkar Acosta said.
 Chinese state-owned enterprises represented 50 percent of the borrowing including trade finance, while private entities took up 19 percent.
 T-Mobile, which is majority-owned by Deutsche Telekom AG, sold bonds in five parts on October 8.
 In France’s Ligue 1, Qatar-owned Paris Saint-Germain may have offset its losses with a sponsorship deal from the state tourism authority, which according to Le Parisien is worth about 200 million euros a year.
 “We’re beginning to hear miners saying at the going rate we’re going to be forced to retrench” The state-owned PIC manages investments for South African public pension, provident, social security and guardian funds, according to its website.
April 21 (Bloomberg) -- A Shanghai court ordered the seizure of a Japanese ship owned by Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd.
 Copyright Telewizja Polska Sued by Canada-Based Television Distributor Telewizja Polska SA, Poland’s state-owned television company, was sued over a contract with a Canadian distributor over the right to broadcast Polish-language programming.
 Lenders have doled out more than $7 trillion to state-owned companies, local governments and smaller businesses since the 2008 financial crisis, central bank data show.
May 1 (Bloomberg) -- Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require an additional bailout of as much as $190 billion in a severe economic downturn, according to the results of stress tests released by the regulator for the US-owned companies.
 The special obligation issue will be backed by the rent on museum-owned office space now leased to Nordstrom Inc, and guaranteed by the city’s full faith and credit.
 Gazprom, Rosneft and Transneft are majority owned by the Russian government.
 Intermark Sdn, owned by BlackRock, is planning to sell the 62-story Vista office tower, the 39-story Integra office building and a retail mall in the Intermark, a mixed-use development in the Malaysian capital, the document showed.
 The board of Bank of Beijing, part owned by ING Groep NV, approved selling as many as 34 billion shares, the company said in a Shanghai stock exchange statement yesterday.
 They controlled 13 percent of China’s $20 trillion of commercial-banking assets at the end of March, compared with 77 percent for the country’s state-owned and joint-stock banks, which operate nationwide, according to official data.
 “The partners have worked together for most of or their entire careers; they are strong from top to bottom, and they are renowned in their arena,” Guy Halgren, chairman of Sheppard Mullin, said in a statement.
 “The retail banking sector, where TCS is the most active, is getting hit the most as consumer demand weakens” The lender, founded as Tinkoff Credit Systems in 2007 and part-owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has issued more than 4 million cards in Russia, according to the company.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- CNA Financial Corp, the insurer majority owned by Loews Corp, fell the most since 2011 after profit missed estimates as the company faced higher-than-expected costs tied to commercial vehicles.
 Branded Jet Four Seasons, owned by Kingdom Hotels International, Bill Gates’s Cascade Investment LLC and Triples Holdings Ltd, developed the branded jet to fulfill the wealthy’s wish to explore the world in utmost comfort, she said.
 Trian -- whose chief investment officer Edward Garden has a seat on the board -- owned 74 percent of Family Dollar as of January, making it the third-largest shareholder, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Shinsei Bank Ltd, a Japanese lender partly owned by J.
 agreed to pay 2269 billion yuan ($36 billion) to buy Chinese banking and brokerage assets from its state-owned parent, underscoring China’s push to loosen control over the economy.
 “The mainland government wants to list most of the state-owned enterprises’ assets into public companies in order to improve corporate governance and operating efficiency,” Kenny Tang, general manager of Hong Kong-based AMTD Financial Planning Ltd, said by phone yesterday.
 Citic Group, China’s first state-owned investment corporation, was set up in 1979 as part of Deng’s push to modernize and open up the state-controlled economy.
 Citic Group is not alone among Chinese state-owned enterprises in preparing to sell assets to private investors.
 The world’s largest derivatives brokers at the end of 2013 were owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Newedge Group SA, Deutsche Bank AG, Morgan Stanley and the Merrill Lynch division of Bank of America Corp, according to the US.
 The region is on the route of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline, which is 30 percent owned by BP Plc and carries Azeri crude through Georgia to the Turkish port of Ceyhan.
 China Petrochemical, known as Sinopec Group, will own 10 percent and China Huadian, a state-owned power generator, will have a 5 percent stake, the former said in an e-mailed statement today.
 Malaysia-owned Petronas, which acquired Progress Energy in 2012, will hold 62 percent of the integrated project after the sale.
 The benchmark, poised to fall for a fourth day, is on track for its lowest close since April 2, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The record-low borrowing costs engineered by Draghi are allowing the company owned by Fridman’s VimpelCom to refinance securities, whose outstanding amount increased by 70 percent since issue, with junk bonds carrying lower interest rates.
 It’s among two dozen share sales this year of Vietnamese state-owned enterprises that have missed their targets and largely failed to generate interest from foreign investors.
 Its plan to sell stakes in 432 government-owned enterprises by the end of next year is prompting some companies to rush IPOs without marketing them in advance, according to Project Asia Research & Consulting Pte.
 Still, the Communist Party called the plan a “central political task” in February and said heads of state-owned companies who delay the process of stake sales could be disciplined or fired.
 When a Fannie Mae-owned loan defaults, the mortgage company acquires and sells the property.
 While homebuyers retreat from this market, investors are buying a greater share of the housing from the government-owned mortgage giant to rent or flip.
 Federal Regulators Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not doing enough to help American families get these real estate owned, or REO homes, according to a group of 80 tenant and neighborhood advocacy organizations.
 In Atlanta, the prices of government-owned homes have outpaced the local market, which has climbed rapidly, according to Will Fassinger, an agent with brokerage Redfin.
 One of the properties, owned by Freddie Mac, is listed at $269,900, about $25,000 more than the others.
 Relaxing Standards Investors have had an edge over homeowners seeking property owned by the mortgage finance companies because banks restricted credit after the housing collapse, according to Robert Grossinger, vice president for the national foreclosure response initiative at non-profit Enterprise Community Partners.
 budget clothing chain owned by Associated British Foods Plc, plans to open its first stores in the US.
April 15 (Bloomberg) -- Evya SA de CV, an oil-services provider to Petroleos Mexicanos, is the second Mexican company implicated for having fraudulent loans linked to Citigroup Inc, according to a spokesperson at state-owned Pemex.
 VMware, which is majority-owned by EMC Corp, makes virtualization software that lets customers save money by combining multiple applications on a single machine.
 The stock has fallen 29 percent this year, valuing the saddle-maker part-owned by rival LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA at about 27 billion euros.
 Emerging Markets Vontobel, majority owned by a shareholder pool including the founding family with the same name, reported an unexpected drop in full-year profit on Feb.
 Branded Jet Four Seasons, owned by Kingdom Hotels International, Bill Gates’s Cascade Investment LLC and Triples Holdings Ltd, developed the branded jet to fulfill the wealthy’s wish to explore the world in utmost comfort, she said.
 Continental Gold has seven drills fully owned by the company operating in Buritica, according to its website.
 At Enjoy’s four wholly owned casinos in Antofagasta, Santiago, Santa Cruz and Castro, customers pumped 49 billion pesos into slot machines in February, down 18 percent from a year earlier.
 The former executives of ACB, 15 percent owned by Standard Chartered Plc, face as long as 20 years in prison if convicted of another charge of intentionally violating state regulations on economic management.
 Late last year, three executives at state-owned Vietnam National Shipping Lines and Agribank Financial Leasing Co.
 The yield on 20-year index-linked gilts, typically owned by the funds, has dropped by 16 basis points since the end of last year to minus 006 percent at 1:30 pm.
April 29 (Bloomberg) -- BYD Co, the Chinese automaker partly owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, rolled out the first two electric buses from its California factory as it pushes into the US.
 EDF, which is 84 percent state-owned, operates 58 reactors in France that provide three-quarters of power output.
 The port operator, owned by Dubai World, one of the emirate’s three main state-controlled holding companies, is seeking a reduction to 150 basis points, or 15 percentage points, over the London interbank offered rate, the bankers said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.
 Shipments to Colombia are set to climb as Ecopetrol SA, the state-owned oil company, carries out work at its Cartagena and Barrancabermeja refineries, according to the Paris-based International Energy Agency.
 The losses occurred in a program used to finance bills owed to Oceanografia for work it conducted for state-owned oil company Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex.
 Shares of Coca-Cola Amatil, 29 percent owned by Atlanta-based Coca-Cola Co, have fallen 32 percent over the past year, compared with an 84 percent gain in the S&P/ASX 200 benchmark.
 The company said yesterday it was buying a stake in state-owned Development Bank of Rwanda after last week agreeing to acquire BancABC for as much as $265 million.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 Petroleo Brasileiro SA, the state-owned energy company, is buying record amounts of liquefied natural gas in the spot market to run gas-fired power plants at full capacity and preserve water reserves.
 Alecta, which owned 204 percent in the Swedish truckmaker as of March 31, said Volkswagen’s offer does not fully reflect Scania’s long-term fundamental value.
April 3 (Bloomberg) -- Spain plans to tighten rules for local authorities to sell water to homes and businesses in a move that may benefit investor-owned companies such as Acciona SA and France’s Suez Environnement.
 Spain’s privately owned companies currently have a share in the urban water market of about 36 percent compared with 47 percent of public sector companies and local authorities directly providing the service, according to estimates from the Spanish Association of Water Providers and Treatment.
 Disney, the world’s largest theme-park operator, owns 43 percent of the project, with the balance held by state-owned Shanghai Shendi Group Co, a consortium of three Chinese companies.
 About 37 percent of Allegion shares are owned by hedge funds, the most among S&P 500 companies.
 H&R Block Inc, the tax software provider, is down 11 percent and is about 27 percent owned by hedge funds.
 Under the agreement, the combined groupwill be 60 percent owned by Altice and 20 percent will bepublicly traded, with 116 billion euros in debt.
April 2 (Bloomberg) -- At least two Japanese utilities are in talks with a state-owned lender to secure funding, as the industry faces a third year of losses following the Fukushima disaster of 2011.
 Dublin-based Goodbody Stockbrokers, owned by Fexco Holdings, owns 262 percent, and Investec Plc 18 percent, she said.
 He is chairman at titanium producer OAO VSMPO-Avisma and OAO Uralkali, the world’s largest potash producer, and is on the boards of automaker OAO AvtoVAZ, controlled by Renault SA-Nissan, and OAO Kamaz, part-owned by Daimler AG.
 Tamboran also is in talks with Myanmar’s state-owned oil and gas company to help the country find and develop its unconventional resources and expects to begin a study in the next few months, Riddle said yesterday.
 The dominance of state-owned lenders has left savers believing in an implicit government guarantee, even though China is the only major Asian economy without a formal insurance system, according to Citigroup Inc.
 Acom, partly owned by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc, rose 5 percent.
 Some 49 percent of the members of the boards of companies wholly or partly owned by the Swedish state are women while 41 percent of the chairmen of those boards are female, government data shows.
 That’s the situation” Bicentenario is controlled by state-owned Ecopetrol SA.
 Its sweetened bid includes a 300 million-euro investment by state-owned Caisse des Depots et Consignations.
 and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways PJSC may prove tougher, with the state-owned carriers spending vast sums on wide-body fleets based at new airport facilities that exploit the Gulf’s position at a sweet-spot for intercontinental travel.
 Western and its affiliates owned about 53 million shares, or 4 percent, of Anworth as of yesterday, Lipson said.
 Last month, the government in RWE’s home state of North Rhine-Westphalia moved to limit digging at a lignite mine owned by the company.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Emerging Sovereign Group LLC, the $5 billion hedge-fund firm owned by Carlyle Group LP, posted losses this year in two of its funds after wrong-way bets on emerging markets, Europe’s recovery and US.
 In February, Suez Environnement, 34 percent-owned by energy producer GDF Suez SA, said the market “may have hit bottom” last year.
 As a director at OAO Rosneft, which is 1975-percent owned by BP, Dudley is supposed to help oversee Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin.
 The two brands are owned by Mumbai-based Tata Motors Ltd.
 The Co-Operative Group Ltd, the mutual that owned the lender, agreed last year to cede control of the banking unit to creditors under a plan to plug a 15 billion-pound capital shortfall that stemmed from its 2009 purchase of the Britannia Building Society.
 As part of today’s transactions, Glaxo and Novartis are forging a 65 billion-pound ($109 billion) consumer-products company, to be majority-owned by Glaxo, that will sell a range of health aids from Sensodyne toothpaste to Excedrin headache pills.
 Pimco, where Bill Gross runs the $232 billion Total Return Fund, is majority-owned by Munich-based Allianz SE, Europe’s biggest insurer.
 Grum, of Livingston, co-owned a company that distributed spa uniforms, slippers and robes.
 Castelli, of Morris Plains, was a home renovator who owned a construction company called Mutual Builders.
 The gauge has since gained 15 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 Hogan’s critics draw comparisons with Swissair’s hotchpotch collection of stakes in carriers such as 495 percent-owned Sabena SA of Belgium, which contributed to its collapse with debts of almost 17 billion francs ($19 billion) in October 2001.
 Refining Diesel Construction is finished on Bentiu’s refinery, a joint venture by Russia’s Safinat and the state-owned Nile Petroleum Corp, Bior said.
 Adidas said in 2012 it would close the last factory it owned in China.
 Easton-Bell, based in Van Nuys, California and owned by Fenway Partners LLC and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, is already the world leader in baseball and softball equipment, including bats, gloves and helmets, with a 28 percent market share, Davis said.
 “Maybe they will get enough together to buy shares” The move comes as Ecclestone prepares to stand trial on bribery charges in Munich, and as lawmakers in Norway examine whether the state-owned investment fund broke its own rules in buying a stake in the sport.
 He and five others were accused of stealing seed corn owned by Dupont Co’s Pioneer and Monsanto Co, AP reported.
 State of Emergency The month-long confrontation at the Ecopetrol-owned pipeline is threatening Colombia’s ability to meet oil export targets and may force the government to declare a national emergency, Mines and Energy Minister Amylkar Acosta said.
 sued Loral in 2012 for patent infringement by Space Systems/Loral, a satellite-building unit then owned by Loral.
 Compliance Policy Zimbabwe Minister Signals Step Back Over Black-Ownership Law Zimbabwe has no plan to force all foreign-owned companies to sell or cede 51 percent of their shares to black Zimbabweans and will work on a new model to ensure locals have a stake in the economy.
 The union is the biggest labor representative at mines owned by top producers Lonmin, Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 Wal-Mart beats Extra, a hypermaket-style brand owned by Casino, on “many different items,” she said.
 In 2012, Casino took control of Pao de Acucar, an established, locally owned company that has been long popular with shoppers.
 CBS moved quickly to fill the void in its late-night show created by Letterman’s April 3 retirement announcement, reaching a five-year deal with the host of Comedy Central’s “The Colbert Report” Colbert, 49, has hosted the political parody on the Viacom Inc-owned network since 2005.
 23, 2013, he owned 76,390 Tesco shares worth about 284,000 pounds.
 and Lynne Ng Su Ling, an independent director at LionGold Corp, traded lawsuits in London over payment demands after shares owned by Ng and held by the bank as debt collateral plunged in an October stock rout.
 The decision was made by the country’s cabinet in Conakry today, spokesman Damantang Albert Camara said in an address broadcast on state-owned Radio Television Guineenne.
 Five more nonlawyer professionals from McDermott will be in the unit, including lobbyist Andrea Bergman, who will be vice president of the wholly owned subsidiary.
 The new contracts will replicate the lineup of companies included in the investment-grade and high-yield swap indexes owned by Markit Group Ltd, according to a person with knowledge of the plan.
 Sinopec also agreed to buy 3 million tons a year of LNG for 20 years from Petronas, making it one of the Malaysian state-owned company’s largest buyers of the fuel.
 Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd, the Macau casino operator owned by billionaire Lui Che-woo, advanced 53 percent, while the gap between Hong Kong and mainland-traded shares narrowed the most in two months.
 The company went private nine years ago in a $422 million deal backed by Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, along with OSIM International Ltd.
 Qualcomm discovered it had provided employment considerations, gifts and other benefits to “individuals associated with Chinese state-owned companies or agencies,” according to the filing.
 Sales of previously owned properties in March tumbled 75 percent from a year earlier to the slowest pace in 20 months, while purchases of new houses sank 145 percent from February, according to reports this week.
 A bank-owned home that she described as “horrific” and “disgusting” had a $439,000 asking price.
 The planned sale comes as OCI seeks to focus on its wholly-owned construction units while its fertilizers and chemicals arms expand in the US.
 Sesa Sterlite Ltd, owned by billionaire Anil Agarwal, was the best performer on the S&P BSE Sensex after the nation’s top court ended an 18-month ban on iron-ore mining in the western state of Goa.
 Prosecutors entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the company’s Polish unit regarding contracts with the national police agency and a non-prosecution agreement with its Mexican unit relating to a state-owned petroleum company.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- Amyris Inc, the biotechnology company partially owned by Total SA, received a $4 million equity investment from Kuraray Co.
 Total, France’s largest oil producer, owned 18 percent of Amyris as of Jan.
 The benchmark is holding at its lowest level since April 2, when it touched a six-month low, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The operator, co-owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman and Norway’s Telenor ASA, advanced 28 percent to $925 today.
 The Ibovespa has gained 12 percent from this year’s low on March 14 as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded amid speculation there will be a change in Brazil’s government after this year’s presidential election.
 Faurecia, 52 percent owned by PSA Peugeot Citroen, is expanding in Asia and North America to ease dependence on Europe, where industrywide car sales are starting to pick up after six years of decline.
 Bharti, owned by billionaire Sunil Mittal, is in the final stages of discussions with Carrefour to form a venture that would run wholesale stores, the person said.
 The company discovered that it had provided employment considerations, gifts and other benefits to “individuals associated with Chinese state-owned companies or agencies,” according to the filing.
 Avolon, owned by Oak Hill Capital Partners LP, Cinven Ltd, and CVC Capital Partners Ltd, may seek a US.
 is the largest money fund sponsor among bank-owned asset managers.
 The federal Jones Act restricts domestic seaborne trade to vessels owned, flagged and built in the US.
 The Jones Act, a 94-year-old law, requires all domestic seaborne trade to be shipped on vessels crewed by citizens and owned, flagged and built in the US.
 ‘Pretty Good’ Even with the return to production of a Chinese plant owned by SK Hynix Inc.
 Leroy Merlin, owned by the French Mulliez family, is Russia’s largest DIY retailer, according to INFOLine.
 Osem, which partnered with Nestle in the 1990s and is 64 percent-owned by the Swiss foodmaker, is opening an international division to target Europe and the US.
 and Barclays Plc are advising the German carrier on an offer for the operator that is about 73 percent owned by Slovenia’s government, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans aren’t public.
 The government injected 32 billion euros of capital into its mostly state-owned banking system in December after the industry pushed the nation to the brink of a bailout.
 That includes stakes from state-owned agencies Slovenska Odskodninska Druzba dd.
 The benchmark is poised to close at its highest level since March 31, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 The highly competitive retail market in the state, which has allowed customers of most investor-owned utilities to choose their supplier since 2002, has 225 entities jockeying to serve 111 million retail customers.
 The developer, 41 percent owned by Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC, the UAE’s largest lender, has surged more than 400 percent in the last 12 months.
 27 letter to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said the deal would “concentrate significant power in the hands of an already huge corporation” Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, questioned whether Comcast has followed commitments to treat Web traffic fairly, and to provide local news on stations owned and operated by its NBC and Telemundo networks.
 The measure is poised to advance 025 basis point this week, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 In December, Greece’s Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund, charged with raising cash through asset sales, chose the Jermyn Street Real Estate Fund IV as preferred bidder for Astir Palace Vouliagmenis SA, a luxury-resort operator jointly owned with the National Bank of Greece, after Jermyn Street bid 400 million euros for 90 percent of the company.
 Mediaset’s Elettronica Industriale SpA business owned 65 percent of the operator of radio- and television-broadcasting towers on Feb.
 Amazoncom’s Instant Video and IMDB Video didn’t infringe two patents owned by Rovi’s TV Guide for electronic program guides, the US.
 Gazprom owned the other half of the venture, RosUkrEnergo.
 The country suffered from inflation estimated at 500billion percent by the International Monetary Fund, after theseizure of white-owned commercial farms slashed exports of cropsincluding tobacco and roses.
 Dubai World, one of the emirate’s three main state-owned holding companies, will be able to repay the $44 billion due to creditors in September 2015, Mohammed Al Shaibani, director general of the Dubai Ruler’s Court said April 7.
April 14 (Bloomberg) -- Ghana Home Loans Ltd, a mortgage provider owned by Dubai’s Abraaj Group, is considering dropping a plan to sell dollar bonds in favor of cedi debt after a clampdown on foreign-exchange transactions.
 The gauge has since gained 14 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
April 29 (Bloomberg) -- China Cinda Asset Management Co, one of four state-owned managers of soured loans, is planning a debut sale of dollar-denominated bonds as the nation grapples with rising non-performing debt.
 The gauge is set for its lowest close since April 24, snapping three days of gains, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Standalone Business Energy Transfer Partners said the “ultimate intention” is to create a standalone retail business containing both Sunoco’s stores and the 630 owned by Corpus Christi, Texas-based Susser.
 equity markets, such as dark pools run by banks and exchanges owned by companies including Nasdaq OMX Group Inc, IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc.
 “No trader can see any other person’s order until it hits the order book, when it is made public” Braman and the other traders claim that by charging some traders for real-time market information, while allegedly allowing high-frequency traders to pay for superior access to that that data, the CME-owned exchanges “established an unequal and two-tiered marketplace” The case is Braman v.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Contracts to purchase previously owned US.
 Sprint is owned by Tokyo-based SoftBank.
 Saving Jobs By seeking an insolvency declaration, Mexican prosecutors are seeking to save jobs at Oceanografia and help the state-owned oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos, maintain operations, Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam told reporters April 9.
 Bubba Gump Shrimp Co, owned by Landry’s Inc, hasn’t raised its menu prices yet because of the higher prices, said CEO Tilman Fertitta.
 A week later on March 5, Lawsky focused on Nationstar, the servicing company owned largely by Fortress Investment Group.
 It has about 440,000 square feet in that building, owned by Vornado Realty Trust.
 The 53-story tower at 55 Water, which sits on the East River near the foot of Manhattan, is owned by Retirement Systems of Alabama.
 traders and former Credit Suisse Group AG executives, and charges in connection with a kickback scheme to secure the bond trading business of a state-owned Venezuelan bank, the firm said.
 Coal-fueled plants owned by Energy Future’s generating unit, Luminant, make up almost 11 percent of total power supplies in Texas and are considered a key safety margin in the state where booming demand threatens to outstrip capacity.
April 24 (Bloomberg) -- China will offer 80 projects in industries dominated by state-owned entities for private investment as the nation seeks to let markets play a bigger role in the economy.
 The move builds on changes in government-dominated industries that include plans to fold developers of military hardware into publicly traded state-owned companies and the biggest asset injection into a Hong Kong-listed unit from China.
 The plan on military hardware would allow military research institutes to be incorporated into state-owned enterprises, two people familiar with the matter said this month.
 agreed earlier this month to pay 2269 billion yuan ($36 billion) to buy Chinese banking and brokerage assets from its state-owned parent.
 31 owned 464,469 GM shares.
 While the fallout might briefly crimp sales, the stock drop is excessive, said Matthew Moran, a fund manager at River Road Asset Management LLC in Louisville, Kentucky, which manages about $11 billion and owned 183,158 GM shares as of Dec.
 ‘Short-term Issue’ At GM, Barra has been “dealing with the issue head on,” said Jordan Smyth, a Bethesda, Maryland-based managing director at Edgemoor Investment Advisors Inc, which owned 201,944 GM shares as of Dec.
 31 owned 99,063 GM shares.
 Ruane Cunniff owned about 34 million shares of Valeant as of Dec.
April 17 (Bloomberg) -- PT Bank Tabungan Negara, an Indonesian state-owned mortgage lender, will become part of the government-run PT Bank Mandiri group, a minister said.
 The new permit holders will have to set up wholly owned financial holding companies to start their banks, which will be required to meet higher capital standards and reserve ratios, according to February 2013 guidelines from the RBI.
 “We have to still go through various procedures to set up the business” Microfinance Model The banks won’t be allowed to lend to firms owned by their founders under the new rules, which also don’t permit the lenders to invest in any financial firms owned by their parent.
 Retail Restructuring To help meet its goal of boosting margins to at least 10 percent, Mercedes is in talks to sell some sales outlets in Germany and is considering creating a separate entity for other wholly owned dealerships in its home country.
 “Following my brother, who quit as chief technology officer in the middle of last year, I am relieving myself of the duties of CEO” United Capital Partners acquired a 48 percent stake in VKontakte last year, putting it at odds with billionaire Alisher Usmanov, whose Mailru Group Ltd owned 40 percent.
 Buffett’s Warning Berkshire owned stakes in both firms before the housing collapse.
 At the end of 1999, Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire owned an 86 percent common equity stake with a market value of $28 billion.
 “Since the company will be owned by one of its clients, we’ll have to see if it’ll operate like a standard freight company or if it will work just as one of Cosan’s departments” Cargo Battle The deal will culminate Ometto’s two-year battle to gain control over cargo routes that face regular bottlenecks as output of grains and other crops rise to records.
 South Africa’s state-owned power utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 “It’s not a cash-out situation” Eurnekian, whose Armenian immigrant parents owned a textile business, introduced cable television to Argentina through Cablevision SA and founded television networks including America TV.
April 4 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest government-owned lender, hired Ewen Stevenson from Credit Suisse Group AG as chief financial officer.
 23 at most South African platinum mines owned by Lonmin, Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 The French state has no direct shareholding in Alstom, although the company depends in part on orders from the SNCF railway network and from Electricite de France SA, the electric utility that’s 84 percent government-owned.
April 20 (Bloomberg) -- Volvo Car Group, the Swedish luxury carmaker owned by Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, said it expects China to surpass the US.
 Both cases relate to loans made to firms that supply state-owned oil company Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex.
 The Conference Board’s report showed more Americans said they planned to purchase previously owned homes in the next six months.
April 24 (Bloomberg) -- A Chinese court released a Japanese ship owned by Mitsui OSK.
 Angola LNG Output from Angola LNG, 136 percent owned by Total, has been curbed since June and was halted this month because of technical issues.
 Ontario Teachers’ joins the Development Bank of Japan, a government-owned investment and loan service, for the first time to provide funding, the pension manager said today in a statement.
 Heathrow, the home base of IAG-owned British Airways, handled 58 million passengers in March, a 28 percent decline from a year earlier, according to a statement.
 The Private Security Industry Regulation Amendment Bill, which is awaiting President Jacob Zuma’s signature, will require all security companies and manufacturers, importers and distributors of security equipment to be at least 51 percent owned by locals.
 Those regulations include requiring mining companies’ local assets to be 26 percent black-owned by the end of this year.
 ‘What Threat?’ The Security Industry Alliance has dismissed the government’s concerns, saying less than 10 percent of guards are employed by foreign-owned companies.
 Investor Confidence Anthony Minnaar, head of the University of South Africa’s Security Management Program, said his research on foreign-owned security companies showed a number focused exclusively on maximizing profits, while failing to act in their client’s best interests.
 The French state has no direct shareholding in Alstom, although the company depends in part on orders from the government-owned SNCF railway network and from Electricite de France SA, the electric utility that’s 84 percent government-owned.
 (Todd himself is completing college and expects to get a job with Cessna after) If I wanted to pursue the dream, I could take lessons from a place like Panorama Flight School, located at the Westchester airport and owned by Houston-based Landmark Aviation.
 energy markets and they’re bringing their capital here” The world’s biggest commodity merchants, most privately owned, are buying or building more physical assets in the US.
 Almost all American equity trading is done electronically, and banks are among those that provide liquidity on computerized platforms such as NYSE Arca, the Nasdaq Stock Market and the four exchanges owned by Bats Global Markets Inc.
 InvestCapitalBank and SMP Bank are controlled by Arkady andBoris Rotenberg, who were placed on the sanctions list March 20;The Volga Group, which is owned or controlled by Gennady Timchenko, who was put on the list March 20.
 Moscow-basedSobinbank, owned by OAO Bank Rossiya, was also added after itsparent was put on the sanctions list last month, according to astatement on the US.
 Under the agreement, the combined groupwill be 60 percent owned by Altice and 20 percent will bepublicly traded, with 116 billion euros in debt.
 The reporter, who accused Zalando of labor-law violations, said she had to walk as much as 17 miles a day in the logistics center and was told that resting was frowned on, according to the newspaper.
 “From this perspective, the sovereign risk seems tobe limited unless we see a combination of a political crisis anda failure of privatization of state-owned banks” The bank cleanup prompted Moody’s Investors Service tochange the outlook on Slovenia’s Ba1 rating on Jan.
 “That said, current politicaluncertainty warrants caution, and it is particularly importantnot to see any claw-back of progress made towards privatizationor governance reforms” Asset Sales The government wants to raise 4 billion euros from the saleof 15 state-owned companies, including stakes in banks,according to Finance Minister Uros Cufer.
 The gauge has since gained 16 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 Sales of previously owned properties fell in March for a third consecutive month, to a 459 million annual rate that was the lowest level since July 2012, the National Association of Realtors reported last week.
 The pending home sales index, which tallies contracts to purchase previously owned houses, climbed in March by the most in almost three years, the Realtors group reported yesterday.
 Cnooc bought 50 percent of Bridas for $31 billion in 2010, while the rest is owned by Argentina’s billionaire Bulgheroni brothers.
 The state-owned company is making plans for “mixed-ownership reform” of businesses involved in power transmission, electric car-charging and hydro power, the newspaper said.
 China’s biggest state-owned companies, including PetroChina Co.
 The company, which operates 103 container vessels and is owned by the Oetker family, doesn’t disclose profit.
 Moody’s may increase Romania’s credit rating once the country shows a pronounced acceleration in GDP growth, an improvement in external debt, lower government financing risks and greater efficiency in the state-owned sector.
 “In addition, many are family-owned businesses, which may not feel as much pressure coming from potential activist shareholders” Bill Ackman’s Pershing Square Capital Management LP was the activist hedge fund behind the Fortune-Beam breakup.
 The bank is one of the biggest lenders to state-owned Dubai World, which reached a deal with creditors in March 2011 to alter the terms on $147 billion of debt.
 They supposedly owned accounts which were actually controlled by US.
 person who owned the assets in the undeclared account linked to the structure had no control over the assets,” according to a 17-page statement of facts.
 person who owned the assets” Dorig implicated several bankers under indictment, including Markus Walder, former head of North American offshore banking; Susanne Ruegg-Meier, a former member of senior management in cross-border banking; and Roger Schaerer, who worked in the bank’s New York office and was a senior manager.
 When it first asked in March 2011 about the ownership of the sub-accounts, Dorig said he told the bank that people who owned them were trying to enter an IRS program that offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for repayment of back taxes, fines, penalties and information on what offshore banks helped them.
April 22 (Bloomberg) -- Companies owned by private-equity firms are borrowing money to pay dividends like it’s 2007, adding to concern among regulators that excesses are emerging in the riskier parts of the debt markets.
 According to Agence France-Presse, the plant owned by Seita, a unit of the UK’s Imperial Tobacco Group Plc, is closing the plant in Carquefou, near the city of Nantes, and moving production to Poland.
 The gauge is set for its lowest close since April 24, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
April 25 (Bloomberg) -- Daimler AG is in talks to sell some Mercedes-Benz sales outlets in Germany and may form a separate company for the remaining wholly owned dealerships for possible disposal in an effort to improve profitability.
 “No decisions have been made” The wholly owned operations have a combined workforce of about 15,000 people, Silke Ernst, a spokeswoman for Daimler’s works council, said by phone.
 and iron-ore miner Sesa Goa Ltd, both owned by billionaire Anil Agarwal, to form Sesa Sterlite took effect in August.
 Higher provisions for bad debt at state-owned HSH, bailed out by the government in 2009, contributed to a full-year loss of 814 million euros in 2013, the bank’s biggest since 2008.
 The money will help Apollo, which is owned by a Singapore-based company Ahuja started last year, build about 1,000 mobile-phone towers across Myanmar this year.
 The gauge, which was up 05 percent this week, has rallied 16 percent since this year’s low on March 14 as state-owned companies gained after polls showed Rousseff was losing support before the October election, spurring speculation that a new administration will be more successful in boosting growth.
 “The policy trend is to tighten credit to the industry, hoping to alleviate overcapacity, and control pollution and energy consumption” Payment Failure Haixin Iron & Steel, a privately-owned steelmaker in Shanxi province, halted production on March 20 and is seeking investors for restructuring, Caixin magazine reported on its website.
 Majority state-owned companies modeled after CNR would run the concessions, according to the statement.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- Zimbabwe has no plan to force all foreign-owned companies to sell or cede 51 percent of their shares to black Zimbabweans, and will work on a new model to ensure locals have a stake in the economy.
 “The softening of indigenization regulations is caused by a need to lure investors back to the country” Shift Ownership Zimbabwe’s parliament passed the 51 percent ownership law in 2008 and began enforcing it three years later, compelling foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to shift majority ownership to black Zimbabweans.
 EverPower, owned by Hands’s Terra Firma Capital Partners Ltd, would see wind capacity grow by almost 50 percent with the addition of the 240-megawatt project.
 Aslan, then chief executive officer of the country’s second-largest state-owned bank, said in court that the money was donations collected for his alma mater in central Turkey and to help build a university in Macedonia.
 In a separate investigation, Huseyin Aydin, CEO of Turkey’s largest government-owned bank, was overheard by police approving loans to businessmen who said they were under orders from Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to buy a media company.
 Even after Erdogan’s party maintained control in local elections over the weekend, state-owned banks face the prospect of a weakening economy, surging bad debt and a repeat of the 2001 financial crisis when they lost $28 billion and were bailed out by the government.
 While each has more than two decades of banking experience, the top executives of Turkey’s state-owned lenders have long been political appointees who help carry out government policies.
 State-owned banks, which accounted for 26 percent of total lending in 2013, helped fuel a credit binge in Turkey that enabled businesses run by Erdogan supporters to win lucrative infrastructure contracts, beating the country’s largest companies and sometimes global firms in bidding wars.
 In July, a parliamentary audit of Halkbank leaked to local newspapers and also obtained by Bloomberg News highlighted the firm’s $450 million loan to a company owned by Sebahattin Yildiz, an Erdogan supporter in financial trouble.
 State-owned lenders including Halkbank often issue new loans to troubled borrowers so they can avoid reporting them as restructured, according to two bankers with knowledge of the practice.
 State-owned banks’ undisclosed restructurings probably exceed those rates of deterioration, the bankers said.
 J-Power Systems Corp, a joint venture owned by Sumitomo Electric Industries Ltd.
 The new minister is a “very experienced political personality, a strong personality, a personality with charisma” Jean-Pierre Jouyet, chief executive officer of the state-owned Caisse des Depots et Consignations and a classmate and friend of Hollande, said today on Radio Classique.
 and Permira Advisers LLP, which have owned Saga since 2007, will also reduce their stakes.
 Three years later, it combined with Automobile Association Ltd, owned by CVC and Permira, in a 62 billion-pound deal.
 The Internet push is an about-face for Coolpad, which rode a close relationship with state-owned carriers including China Mobile Ltd.
 Starting this weekend, soccer fans must buy a so-called Passolig card from investment bank Aktif Yatirim Bankasi AS, owned by Calik Holding AS, which until December was run by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s son-in-law.
 “The real aim is for the bank to reach a group of money-spending consumers who are not part of its current portfolio” Exclusive Rights Calik-owned E-Kent Teknoloji & Odeme Sistemleri Sanayi & Ticaret AS and Istanbul-based Netas Telekomunikasyon AS won the tender from the Turkish Football Federation last year, saying they’d provide the infrastructure and related services for 100 million liras.
 The privately owned company became profitable last year and plans to announce earnings after auditors sign off, he said.
 Amazoncom’s Instant Video and IMDB Video didn’t infringe two patents owned by Rovi’s TV Guide for electronic program guides, the US.
 of Dubai, the emirate’s main state-owned holding company, said in an interview at a conference in London yesterday.
April 12 (Bloomberg) -- Oil India Ltd, the nation’s second-biggest state-run explorer, is studying an acquisition of Nigerian oil and gas assets owned by Royal Dutch Shell Plc, according to people familiar with the matter.
 Telkom, which is 398 percent owned by the South African government according to data compiled by Bloomberg, received the notice that Maseko must attend the course on Feb.
 The gauge has since gained 15 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 Chicken Cup The cup, owned by Philippines-born businessman StephenZuellig, who is in his late nineties, measures only 8centimeters in diameter and is nicknamed the “Chicken Cup” forits depiction of a rooster, his hen and their chicks, anallegorical representation of the emperor, the empress and hissubjects.
 The former state-owned operator, which cost bondholders 18 billion euros ($25 billion) when it restructured in June 2012, hired Rothschild, Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Blackstone Shareholder The company’s biggest shareholder is Blackstone Group LP, which owned about 25 percent in September, according to bondholder filings.
 Alcentra Ltd, the money manager owned by Bank of New York Mellon Corp, also has a stake along with Silver Point Capital LP and Anchorage Capital Group.
 “The retail banking sector,where TCS is the most active, is getting hit the most asconsumer demand weakens” The lender, founded as Tinkoff Credit Systems in 2007 andpart-owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has issued more than 4million cards in Russia, according to the company.
 The two companies are also combining their consumer-products divisions to create a new joint venture to be majority owned by Glaxo.
April 21 (Bloomberg) -- Infraestructura Energetica Nova SAB, the majority-owned Mexican unit of US.
 Acom is partly owned by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc, Japan’s biggest bank.
 Pangaea REIC, the real estate investment trust owned by Invel Real Estate Partners and the National Bank of Greece SA, aims to raise about 1 billion euros by the end of 2014 to invest in Greek and Italian real estate assets.
 The company owned more than 106,000 dairy cows, the second largest herd in the nation, as of end 2012, the company said in its prospectus, citing researcher Frost & Sullivan.
 While Brazil benefited from more positive flows into broad emerging-market equities, the rally in the nation’s stocks has been largely led by state-owned companies, which rebounded after a poll showed President Dilma Rousseff losing support ahead of the October election.
 We don’t think it’s necessarily going to go that much further” While the rally in Petrobras, the heaviest-weighted stock on the Ibovespa, accounted for most of the index’s recent jump, gains in the equity market will probably go beyond state-owned companies as years of underperformance pushed many other stocks to attractive levels, Shaoul said.
 “We are a leader in insurance, preservation and other services for the mortgage industry, and StreetLinks is a leader in valuation solutions and technologies used by lenders and appraisers nationwide” Novation owned about 88 percent of StreetLinks and will use proceeds from the sale to bolster its cloud-based communications software subsidiary, the company said in a separate statement.
April 6 (Bloomberg) -- Robert Diamond, former head of Barclays Plc, has agreed to buy a stake in state-owned Development Bank of Rwanda through his new financial-services venture Atlas Mara Co-Nvest Ltd.
 State-owned Aviation Industry Corp.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Dan Gertler’s Fleurette Group said it loaned Gecamines $196 million so the Democratic Republic of Congo’s state-owned mining company could take over what it called its “flagship” copper project last year.
 It’s being rolled out by Transnet SOC Ltd, the state-owned ports and rail operator, tapping the expertise of GE, Bombardier Inc, CSR Zhuzhou Electric Locomotives Co.
April 23 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia, the Arab world’s biggest economy, has started producing purified water at the 27 billion-riyal ($72 billion) Ras al-Khair desalination plant on the Persian Gulf, the state-owned Saudi Press Agency said, citing Minister of Water and Electricity Abdullah Al-Hussayen.
 The lone non-Disney franchise was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, owned by Viacom Inc.
 Disney, based in Burbank, California, also dominated the list of fastest-growing licenses last quarter with three titles: “Frozen,” “Planes” and “Sofia the First” The top spot went to toys based on “Despicable Me,” owned by Comcast Corp’s Universal Pictures.
 GE Revamp The French state has no direct shareholding in Alstom, although the company depends in part on orders from the government-owned SNCF railway network and from Electricite de France SA, the electric utility that’s 84 percent government-owned.
 Under the agreement, the combined group will be 60 percent owned by Altice and 20 percent will be publicly traded, with 116 billion euros in debt.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Previously owned US.
 Economists surveyed by Bloomberg projected a 469 million pace of previously owned home sales.
 Housing Inventory The report from the Realtors group showed the number of previously owned homes on the market rose 168 percent to 229 million, the highest since August 2012.
 Anger over the issue spurred attacks on Chinese workers that left two dead and forced some foreign-owned factories to shut production.
 Platforms owned by trueEX LLC, Tradeweb Markets LLC, MarketAxess Holdings Inc.
 Secondary buyer AlpInvest Partners BV, owned by the Carlyle Group LP, helped structure a deal that involved purchasing fund stakes from HVB and providing about $450 million in capital for new investments.
 “Honestly speaking, these are some pretty awesome numbers if we look at the levels objectively,” said Iwao Toide, the president of Metal One Corp, a steel trading company owned by Mitsubishi Corp.
May 5 (Bloomberg) -- Chinese stocks trading in New York had the best week since February as state-owned companies from China Mobile Ltd.
 The carrier, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, said in March it saw little chance of luring investment soon amid high debt and intensifying competition, and that the debt has wiped out the company’s net worth.
 Privately owned IndiGo, also a budget carrier, is No.
 Kingfisher Airlines Ltd, owned by liquor baron Vijay Mallya, ceased operations more than a year ago after amassing debt and defaulting on payments to airports, lenders and oil companies.
 A day earlier, the separatists downed a military helicopter, killing a general and 13 soldiers.
 The emirate is accelerating asset sales as it seeks to repay billions of dollars of debt accumulated by state-owned companies in a spending binge to make the city a trade and tourism hub.
 DIC, owned by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum’s Dubai Holding LLC, bought Mauser in 2007 from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s One Equity Partners LLC in a deal valuing the company at 850 million euros ($12 billion).
 Tsinlien Group Co, owned by the Tianjin, China, municipal government, will buy unit Famous Ever Group Ltd.
 Infrastructure such as bus depots, as well as vehicles and fleet management system, will be owned by the government under the new structure, it said.
 Along with Noble, the Tamar site is owned by Israel’s Delek Drilling-LP, Isramco Negev 2 LP, Avner Oil Exploration LP and Dor Gas Exploration.
 Union Fenosa Gas’s LNG plant at Damietta, Egypt is owned by unit Segas, according to the company’s website.
 The stock sale ended 118 years of control by descendants of founder Armand Peugeot as the family’s 255 percent holding fell to 141 percent, matching those owned by Wuhan-based Dongfeng and the French state.
 Pacific Rubiales, Latin America’s largest non-state-owned oil producer, has been investigating opportunities in Mexico for two years and would be interested in a joint venture with state-run Petroleos Mexicanos, Chief Executive Officer Ronald Pantin said at an investor event May 13.
 Other data showed sales of previously owned US.
 A chemical storage tank owned by Freedom Industries Inc.
 “State-owned companies are rising on bets on a change in government,” Andre Perfeito, the chief economist at brokerage firm Gradual Investimentos, said in a phone interview from Sao Paulo.
 “The Asian country is one of Vale’s biggest clients, and if it reduces its acquisitions of iron ore, the company’s revenue should fall” The Ibovespa has increased 19 percent since this year’s low on March 14 as state-owned companies including Eletrobras rebounded on speculation that Rousseff may lose the election and a new president could reduce the intervention in companies that the federal government controls.
 Canadian Pensioners Canadian creditors, including about 20,000 Nortel workers and pensioners, say they deserve almost all the money from the $45 billion sale of patents because Nortel was based in Ontario and its main holding company owned the intellectual property.
 Grupo Invepar, owned by the OAS SA construction company and government-associated pension funds, and Airports Co.
 Debt Reduction VimpelCom, co-owned by Norway’s Telenor ASA, is also striving to reduce its debt pile of $274 billion which resulted from acquisitions of assets in Italy, Algeria and Asia from Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris three years ago.
 In the US, about 90 percent of its locations are owned by franchisees, who determine pay, Sa Shekhem said.
 Sales of previously owned homes rose 13 percent in April, the first increase in four months, the National Association of Realtors said today.
 Lancome, owned by L’Oreal, is the biggest brand in the $77 premium beauty market, selling $41 billion at retail last year, according to Euromonitor International.
 Weibo Corp, the Chinese microblogging service owned by Sina Corp, priced its April public offering at the low end of its marketed range.
 “As they go through life, what are the milestones in their life where it does make sense for different products and services that we offer?” New pricing strategies and social media approaches aren’t enough to reverse the life insurance decline, said Jeff Fromm, executive vice president at Barkley, the employee-owned advertising agency in Kansas City, Missouri, and co-author of “Marketing to Millennials: Reach the Largest and Most Influential Generation of Consumers Ever” Companies should consider customers that may be vegans who regularly exercise and are open to wearing technology that tracks their lifestyle, aiding in pricing, Fromm said.
 Ashley Burke, a spokeswoman for DynCorp International, which is owned by affiliates of New York-based Cerberus Capital Management LP, said the company can’t comment on the full report, not having reviewed it.
 The top three most-owned Wal-Mart options are bullish.
May 1 (Bloomberg) -- Education Management Corp, the for-profit college operator partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, tumbled the most since October 2009 after it forecast a loss for this quarter.
 In Vietnam, anti-China protests have erupted in several provinces, damaging factories owned by companies from Taiwan and Singapore.
 Elis, which is 83 percent owned by Paris-based Eurazeo, would join other French companies including credit insurer Coface SA and caterer Elior SCA in tapping equity markets as investors return.
May 14 (Bloomberg) -- GIC Pte and Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firms, are set to lead global sovereign investors in acquisitions for a second year after emerging as the most active in 2013.
 Watson & Co, the retail arm of billionaire Li Ka-shing’s Hutchison Whampoa Ltd, was Temasek’s biggest so far, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and gives the Singapore state-owned investment company a stake in a business with more than 10,000 stores worldwide.
 Breedens Investments Pte, the wholly-owned unit of Temasek offering for the shares in Olam, on April 29 said 103 percent of the shareholders already accepted the offer.
 If Breedens bought all the shares not already owned at the time of the offer by a Temasek unit, it could pay as much as S$4 billion.
May 15 (Bloomberg) -- Anti-China protests escalated in Vietnam as attacks on Taiwanese companies left two people dead and at least 129 injured, while more foreign-owned factories shut production and Chinese workers fled the country.
 The operator, about 40 percentowned by the South African government, “will consider a numberof criteria, one of which is our obligation to comply with theEmployment Equity Act” The other criteria include qualifications, potential,length of service, and gender, according to a document that theunions, Solidarity and the South African Communications Union,said they received.
 Press Conference State-owned Vietnam Oil & Gas Group, known as PetroVietnam, said in a statement on its website it sent a letter to China National Offshore Oil Corp.
 The language of the indentures clearly provides that the guarantee terminates upon the sale of CEOC stock, and there is overwhelming market agreement on that point” Indentures linked to most of the operating unit’s debt, such as $15 billion of 9 percent, first-lien notes that plummeted 925 cents last week to 78 cents on the dollar, say the parent guarantee evaporates if the borrower is no longer wholly owned, if substantially all its assets are transfered to another entity that assumes the obligations and if the issuer sets aside enough cash to cover its debt payments.
 Banque Saudi Fransi, the lender part owned by Credit Agricole SA, is planning to raise about 2 billion riyals to bolster its capital base, while Saudi airliner Flynas is considering a sukuk sale to fund its expansion.
 Saudi Electricity Co, the state-owned utility, last month raised $25 billion from sale of two-part sukuk to international investors.
 The power utility, majority owned by the government, reported a 54 percent increase in first-quarter profit.
 The gains in prices, along with low interest rates and better weather are “good reasons to be fairly optimistic that the housing market can continue to chug along” Slowing Demand Sales of previously owned homes fell to the slowest pace in 20 months in March and purchases of new houses sank 145 percent from February, according to reports last month.
May 13 (Bloomberg) -- PetroChina Co, operator of the country’s largest pipeline network, will sell assets valued at 39 billion yuan ($63 billion) as the government continues with steps to open state-owned enterprises to private investment.
 House Financial Services Committee predicted that legislation revamping government-owned mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac won’t become law this year.
 The document showed that Cremonini owned 28 percent of the company directly and 51 percent indirectly through his 72 percent stake in family holding vehicle Immobiliare Ci-Erre Srl.
 The company was delisted in 2008 and today is wholly owned by the Cremonini family, according to its website.
 Western & Southern is owned by policyholders and offers life insurance, annuities and mutual funds.
 cross-border business into the fully owned entity, according to records from the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zurich.
 Before entering the market, Clio lawyers researched two dozen patents, about half owned by P&G, to make sure its products weren’t infringing, Cho said.
 Sunac, the Tianjin, China-based luxury-home builder part owned by buyout firm Bain Capital LLC, is in discussion with three of Greentown’s shareholders, including Chairman Song Weiping and Chief Executive Officer Shou Bainian, according to two statements from the companies to the Hong Kong stock exchange yesterday.
 28, approaching the record $132 trillion the country owned at the end of November.
 “Our yields are under pressure, our competitors challenge us every day and lobby their government to restrict us” State-owned Emirates has remained outside the world’s three global airline alliances as it focuses on building Dubai into an intercontinental super-hub.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Polymetal International Plc, the gold and silver producer part-owned by Russian billionaire Alexander Nesis, agreed to buy the Kyzyl project in northeast Kazakhstan for $6185 million to add 50 percent to its reserves.
 The gold producer planned to buy the Bakyrchik mine from companies owned by Timur Kulibayev, a son-in-law of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, Kommersant reported in October.
 The government-owned Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.
 17 as the government took steps to boost technology and services industries while curbing the role of state-owned companies.
 of China, the state-owned planemaker, plans to sell shares in FACC AG to the public as the Austrian unit raises money to expand and innovate in composite aircraft components.
 Safaricom, 40 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, increased its customer base by 11 percent in the year to 216 million.
 Just 12 percent of the company’s Chinese locations were owned by franchisees at the end of 2013, a number that they would like to increase to around 25 percent by 2015, Bensen said in his March 11 comments.
 The Asian buying trend was visible at Christie’s, where the top lot, a Monet painting of water lilies once owned by reclusive heiress Huguette Clark, went to a private Asian buyer for $27 million.
 23, halting operations at most mines owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 The company, under contract from its state-owned parent China National Offshore Oil Corp, this month placed an oil rig near the disputed Paracel Islands off the coast of Vietnam, leading to confrontations between Vietnamese and Chinese boats.
 Celebrities will converge on the patio of a mansion once owned by Washington Post doyenne Katharine Graham.
 Borrowing costs, which are driven by changes in lenders’ profit margins as well as bond yields, are up from a record low 331 percent in November 2012 Sales of previously owned homes dropped in March to the slowest pace since July 2012, as higher property prices and loan costs held back buyers, according to National Association of Realtors data.
 The family became the biggest shareholder in the company, which started as a state-owned cement manufacturer, through a series of acquisitions in the 1990s, transforming it into a conglomerate with interests that included a brokerage and a road construction business, according to Aeria’s report.
 Sarawak Cable His son, Mahmud, is the chairman and biggest shareholder of Sarawak Cable Bhd, a power cable and wire maker, which won transmission line projects from state-owned Sarawak Energy last year.
 They also own the Hilton Adelaide hotel through Sitehost Pty, which is owned by the family, according to filings with the Australian Securities & Investments Commission.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Thousands of people have received food-aid parcels in South Africa’s platinum belt, where a strike has crippled output at mines owned by the three biggest producers for almost 18 weeks and left many starving.
 “Persistent dollar buying by state-owned banks pressured the rupee,” said Amogh Moghe, a Mumbai-based currency trader at Mecklai & Mecklai Ltd.
 State-owned PDVSA initiated arbitration with the ICC, claiming the exercise of the call right was invalid.
 It invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley in 2008 during the global financial crisis, and spent about $35 billion to make regional lender UnionBanCal a wholly owned subsidiary, to strengthen its foothold in the world’s largest economy.
 The gauge surged 21 percent yesterday as a separate report showed sales of previously owned US.
May 5 (Bloomberg) -- TransAlta Renewables Inc, the clean-energy holding company majority owned by Canada’s largest publicly traded electricity producer, is seeking to acquire power plants in the US.
 to form what was the largest privately owned Canadian investment dealer.
 “George’s vision helped grow the business into one of Manitoba’s most successful international companies and one of the oldest privately owned companies in Canada,” Manitoba Premier Greg Selinger said in an e-mailed statement.
 Zimbabwe Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said last month that there is no plan to force all foreign-owned companies to sell or cede 51 percent of their shares to black Zimbabweans.
 Stanbic Zimbabwe is a wholly-owned unit of Johannesburg-based Standard Bank Group Ltd.
 Ownership Law Zimbabwe’s parliament passed the 51 percent ownership law in 2008 and began enforcing it three years later, compelling foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to shift majority ownership to black Zimbabweans.
 Consolidated Breweries, majority owned by Heineken since 2005, ranks behind Guinness Nigeria Plc in the country’s beer market.
 Other big-spending clubs included Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco, owned respectively by the Qatar Investment Authority and Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev.
 Real is owned by its fans.
May 8 (Bloomberg) -- Kloeckner & Co SE, the German steel trader part-owned by the Knauf family, swung to profit after 10 straight quarterly losses following a program to cut costs.
 The nine most-owned options on the VXX are betting on a decrease in market swings.
 Sales of previously owned homes climbed 13 percent, helped in part by an increase in the supply of properties.
 government contractor owned by private-equity firms KKR and General Atlantic LLC, decreased the size of a first-lien loan it’s seeking to refinance debt by $39 million to $393 million, a person with knowledge of the transaction said today.
 BYD Co, the electric carmaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, has made some headway with its electric buses in California, and has said it plans to introduce four passenger-vehicle models in the US.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- Momentive Performance Materials Inc, a maker of silicones and quartz products owned by Leon Black’s Apollo Global Management LLC, won permission to borrow $570 million to fund operations in bankruptcy over objections from some creditors.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- Vietnam Airlines Corp, the national carrier, plans to sell as much as a 15 percent stake to foreign investors as the government seeks to accelerate the overhaul of state-owned companies and spur economic growth.
 Taco Bell, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, earlier this year rolled out breakfast fare to its US.
 Of McDonald’s more than 35,400 stores worldwide, about 81 percent are owned by franchisees.
 In Algeria, Petroceltic will sign a natural-gas supply agreement with state-owned Sonatrach linked to Brent oil prices before the end of June, the CEO said.
 TSN is owned by BCE Inc.
 In his suit, the customer demanded compensation from GM’s predecessor for “personal injury, conspiracy, fraud, gross negligence, strict liability, [and] punitive damages,” arising from an alleged defect in his previously owned Hummer H2 vehicle, according to the filing.
 “There is a campaign to track and arrest more from the syndicate” Merchandise was purchased using stolen personal identity information and fraudulent credit card information and then shipped through services owned by the US.
 Sitarail is 67 percent owned by Sofib, a unit of Bollore, while the governments of Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso each hold a 15 percent stake.
 Madalena’s production in Argentina will increase by 3,028 barrels of oil equivalent a day after the acquisition of conventional fields owned by Gran Tierra, the companies said today in separate statements.
 As of December 2013, Calgary-based Gran Tierra owned 890,000 net acres in the provinces of Salta, Formosa and Rio Negro.
 The Coral Gables, Florida-based mortgage investment and servicing firm is partly owned by affiliates of Blackstone Group LP, according to its website.
 China National Petroleum Corp, PetroChina’s state-owned parent and Russia’s OAO Gazprom signed the agreement yesterday.
 Seeking Partners Union Properties plans to build four hotels and is looking for land plots in Business Bay and space along Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed road owned by Dubai Investment Park, Al Marri said.
 Malone, whose cable cowboy nickname became the title of a biography, has amassed a European pay-TV empire that’s bigger than any cable operation he ever owned back home.
 It signed an expanded partnership with HBO, the premium cable network owned by Time Warner Inc, earlier this year to develop and produce new original dramas.
 to market the course, which it bought in February 2013 as part of its $15 billion acquisition of bankrupt resorts owned by a group led by hedge fund Paulson & Co.
 Barrick also is investing more in early-stage projects owned by exploration and development companies.
 In February, the company acquired a 70 percent interest in the Spring Valley project in Nevada, near its Goldstrike mine, that was owned by Midway Gold Corp, and signed a March agreement with another explorer, Coral Gold Resources Ltd, to earn 75 percent of the Gold Ridge project.
 “The deal makes them less attractive to an acquirer” Pilgrim’s, the chicken processor majority-owned by Brazilian meat producer JBS SA, then swooped in with a surprise $45-a-share bid for Hillshire two weeks later.
 The company, 40 percent owned by the South African government, is struggling to revive revenue growth as consumers migrate from fixed-line technology to data-enabled devices such as smartphones and tablets.
 Ukraine’s efforts to regain ground from pro-Russian militants in eastern cities were undermined as insurgents killed four government troops and downed a military helicopter.
May 7 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia hired HSBC Holdings Plc to advise on a potential breakup of state-owned utility Saudi Electricity Co.
 Saudi Electricity is 81 percent owned by the Saudi government, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Chrysler, owned by Fiat SpA, said it’s cooperating fully.
 Globo Comunicacao & Participacoes SA, the Brazilian broadcaster owned by the billionaire Marinho family, will work with Sony Corp.
 Yanfeng is a unit of Huayu Automotive Systems Co, which is owned by Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp.
 BSkyB, about 39 percent owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox, is under pressure from competitor BT Group Plc, which is seeking to gain more broadband users by offering customers free sports programming.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Contracts to purchase previously owned homes rose for a second month in April, a sign the residential real estate market is stabilizing after a weak start to the year.
 The business involved in the trading is now owned by Mondelez International Inc, which separated from Kraft in 2012, according to a regulatory filing yesterday.
 Attacks on foreign-owned factories following China’s placement of an oil rig in disputed waters off the Vietnamese coast left two people dead and at least 129 injured, halting production lines and causing Chinese workers to flee the country.
 “There is a possibility, given that we are already two months into the second quarter” Africa’s second-largest economy contracted an annualized 06 percent in the first three months of the year as a strike shut mines owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Christie’s had the record with a 2011 auction of a collection previously owned by Elizabeth Taylor, before Sotheby’s took the lead with a $141 million sale in Geneva late on May 13.
May 1 (Bloomberg) -- New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is relying on the state-owned helicopter fleet more than ever, with 106 trips last year at a cost of $2,500 an hour.
 The governor flew to Williamsport Regional Airport aboard a $125 million State Police-owned AgustaWestland AW139.
 Today, Clos du Bois, in Geyserville, California, is owned by Victor, New York-based Constellation Brands Inc, the world’s largest maker of premium wines, including Robert Mondavi.
 Soros also sold all 23 million shares he owned in Citigroup.
 Four years ago, the state-owned airline topped up its A380 order book with the purchase of 32 more double-deckers, at the time the biggest single order of the superjumbo.
 Durango, Colorado-based Mercury, which is majority-owned by Silver Lake Management LLC, will withdraw its filing for an initial public offering, according to the statement.
 RBS, Britain’s biggest state-owned lender, reported a threefold gain in quarterly profit today, helped by lower impairments and Ulster Bank’s results.
 “We want to grow considerably from the 5 million clients we have today,” Sales this fiscal year may be closer to 2 percent than 4 percent as bookings at TUI Travel Plc, the tour operator majority-owned by TUI AG, are trailing last year’s.
 The company also aims to lift the number of Riu hotels, jointly owned with the Spanish Riu family, by 3 to 5 new hotels every year, and add more cruise ships.
 Chief Executive Officer Antonio Horta-Osorio is spearheading an attempt to return the 25 percent government-owned bank to fully private ownership.
 State-owned NAK Naftogaz Ukrainy declined to comment.
 “This will continue for some time as the public-sector banks grapple with the asset-quality concerns and capital constraints” State-controlled lenders, which account for more than 70 percent of India’s outstanding loans, have historically been under-capitalized relative to privately owned peers as a 51 percent government ownership requirement curbs the scope those banks’ have to raise capital by selling shares.
 Completed sales of previously owned US.
 supermarket chain owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, is in discussion with 4,100 store managers over their roles as the grocer places increasing emphasis on e-commerce.
 Altegris, which had about $12 billion in mutual fund assets under management at the end of last year, is partially owned by private-equity funds run by Jeffrey Greenberg’s Aquiline Capital Partners LLC.
 “Investors would like to see a change in government and a change in the management of state-owned companies” Voter Preference A survey by Datafolha conducted last month showed Rousseff’s voter preference fell to 38 percent from 44 percent.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Zimbabwe’s cabinet has approved amending laws that compel foreign and white-owned companies to sell or cede control to black Zimbabweans, the country’s finance minister said.
 Under Zimbabwean law, foreign and white-owned companies with assets over $500,000 must be 51 percent owned by black Zimbabweans or the country’s National Economic Empowerment Board.
 Sinclair, based in Hunt Valley, Maryland, owned or operated 149 television stations in 71 markets as of March 1, according to a company securities filing.
 The asset and wealth management division describes itself as among the 10 largest that are bank-owned in the world, with $127 trillion (934 billion euros) under management.
 The asset manager, whose $190 billion global bond group is managed by Michael Hasenstab, cut holdings of dollar debt from Russia’s government and state-owned companies with a face value of about $29 million during the period, part of a reduction of more than $200 million in Russian securities over six months to $12 billion, the company’s latest filings show.
 Stavanger-based Statoil, which is 67 percent owned by the Norwegian government, says it’s well prepared to deal with the unlikely event of a spill.
 That venue, which is partially owned by CBOE Holdings Inc, owns NSX.
 NSX’s closing would leave just one public exchange, Chicago Stock Exchange Inc, that isn’t owned Bats, Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
 Ring Tones Vringo was a company that sold telephone ring tones before it merged with Innovate/Protect, which owned the Lycos patents.
 as most popular search site, is now owned by India’s Ybrant Digital Ltd, which bought it for $36 million in 2010.
 The Tokyo-based trading house attributed last year’s profit slide in part to a 277 billion yen impairment at the Isaac Plains coal mine in Australia co-owned with Vale SA.
 That would imply a value of $28 billion for so-called royalty lands owned by Cenovus and at least C$23 billion for Canadian Natural’s properties, he estimated.
 Evraz, 32 percent owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, is attempting to challenge the export dominance in rail tracks of Tokyo-based Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp.
 Contracts to buy previously owned houses in the US.
 Kyrgyz state-owned miner Kyrgyzaltyn JSC, which has a 33 percent stake in Centerra, withheld its votes for Chairman Steve Lang, Centerra said today in a statement.
 He also said that a $200 million dividend paid to Centerra from the fully owned subsidiary operating Kumtor was unexpected and “caused concern” because of its size and its timing, as it came during the government talks.
 “I’m sure that any bank confronted with that can hardly take comfort” Prosecutors have already charged taxpayers or bankers in cases implicating Julius Baer, the third-largest Swiss wealth manager; Zuercher Kantonalbank, the biggest Swiss publicly owned regional bank; and Mizrahi Tefahot Bank Ltd.
 Forrest in New York yesterday ordered the RBS unit, ABN Amro Bank NV, which isn’t affiliated with the Dutch bank of the same name, to stop using the BankTrade platform owned by Complex Systems Inc.
 The LME, the biggest market for metals including aluminum and copper, faced complaints from MillerCoors, a venture owned by SABMiller Plc and Molson Coors Brewing Co, and some beverage makers.
 government over the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, cut his stakes in the common stock of both US- owned mortgage finance companies in the first quarter.
 Romanian banks, most of which are owned by western European lenders, have been struggling to contain a surge in bad-loan costs as the worst recession on record in the country and the government’s austerity measures hampered borrowers’ ability to repay debt.
 While the Clippers have had the worst record in the National Basketball Association during the 33 years that Donald Sterling has owned the team, he stands to make at least a 63-fold return on his initial investment.
 Forrest in New York on May 9 ordered the RBS unit, ABN Amro Bank NV, which isn’t affiliated with the Dutch bank of the same name, to stop using the BankTrade platform owned by Complex Systems Inc.
 Bavaguthu Raghuram Shetty, an Indian-born entrepreneur, Centurion Investment and Infinite Investment LLC, two firms owned by Abu Dhabi’s bin Butti family, are in talks to buy a controlling stake in the chain of currency-exchange centers, said the people, who asked not to be identified because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly.
 He owned the Mexican professional soccer league’s White Roosters franchise in the central city of Queretaro, after buying the team in May 2013.
 UniCredit SpA, Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest privately owned lender, earlier shut down operations in Crimea because of legal uncertainty.
 Its Yu’E Bao fund has also come under scrutiny as Chinese state-owned banks call for more regulation to stop the outflow of their cheapest source of funding.
 “It’s threatening the franchise of the big state-owned banks, and I don’t expect them to take that lying down.
 Most of Alibaba’s business is generated by its wholly-owned foreign enterprises, with just 119 percent of revenue and 75 percent of assets contained within VIE structures, according to a blog post by Gillis.
 “VIEs are a bad deal but this is the best one structured out there” Yahoo Dispute Alipay, an online payment system like EBay Inc’s PayPal, is owned by Alibaba founder Jack Ma and the company’s partners.
 “There’s a bigger battle between the private sector and entrepreneurial class and China’s state-owned banks,” said Duncan Clark, the Beijing-based chairman of BDA China Ltd, which advises technology companies.
 Eminence owned more than 135 million Hillshire shares as of March 31, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 NBC, owned by Comcast Corp, aired the Sochi Winter Olympics and “Sunday Night Football” in the season that started in September.
 The project in Goderich, about 225 kilometers (140 miles) west of Toronto, is owned by Samsung Electronics Co’s renewables unit, Capital Power LP and Pattern Energy Group Inc, the Munich-based manufacturer said in a statement today on its website.
 Copyright Vimeo to Begin Screening User-Loaded Videos for Copyrights Vimeo LLC, the video-streaming site owned by billionaire Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, said it’s putting a copyright-detecting system in place.
 “If you ask me now, I would prefer the US” Meituan, which has 90 million active mobile users and is at least 10 percent owned by Alibaba Group, is tapping into China’s surging middle class, which is seeking deals for entertainment and restaurants.
 State-owned Vietnam Oil & Gas, known as PetroVietnam, said it sent a letter to China National Offshore Oil Corp.
May 8 (Bloomberg) -- Telekom Austria AG, the phone company part-owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, said first-quarter earnings fell 5 percent after regulatory cuts and lower traffic revenue reduced sales in its home market.
 Coca-Cola’s wholly owned subsidiary , according to a regulatory filing.
 Elliott had disclosed that Eiffarie, a joint venture owned by construction company Eiffage SA and Macquarie Group Ltd’s infrastructure unit, planned to buy Elliott’s APRR shares.
 Commodity exports from Australia, already the world’s largest producer of bauxite from mines owned by Rio Tinto Group and BHP Billiton Ltd, tripled in the past decade as China’s economy became the world’s second-biggest, boosting imports of everything from coal to copper.
 CWCapital, a special servicer owned by New York-based Fortress, has been managing the debt on behalf of senior bondholders since the default, the second-largest ever of a commercial-mortgage bond.
 “We will do everything” to help state-owned gas company NAK Naftogaz Ukrainy pay off its Russian debts, Oettinger told reporters after talks with Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak and Gazprom Deputy CEO Alexander Medvedev.
 Sales of previously owned US.
 Mitsubishi-Hitachi Metals Machinery Inc, a company majority-owned by Mitsubishi Heavy, said today it’s forming a joint venture with Siemens’s metals technologies division in January 2015.
 Luxury Listings Last week, there were 77 Manhattan properties listed for $30 million or more, according to data from StreetEasycom, a real estate website owned by Zillow Inc.
 Chinese Venture Allegheny Technologies entered into a joint venture with a Chinese state-owned company to make precision rolled stainless steel strips used in the automotive, medical equipment and semiconductor industries, according the 56-page indictment.
 Alcoa announced in February 2008 a partnership with a Chinese state-owned company to acquire a substantial stake in a foreign mining company.
May 14 (Bloomberg) -- Telefonica Czech Republic AS, majority owned by billionaire Petr Kellner, said first-quarter profit almost halved as competition and regulatory pressures curbed revenue from mobile-phone services.
 The managers of Modikwa, jointly owned by African Rainbow, Anglo American Platinum Ltd, and the local community, didn’t consult farmers before adding a new drill rig that would limit the area of cultivation, Mike Kgwete, a community activist, said by phone on May 23.
 The activists handed over a memorandum demanding local businesses benefit more from mine contracts and that companies collectively owned by the community be dissolved because the protesters said their leaders have become unaccountable.
 He also owned a duplex on the Upper East Side of Manhattan that he bought for $62 million in 2005, real estate records show.
 Two workers were killed and 80 were injured when a fireball erupted at the plant, which is owned by Williams Partners LP, a partnership controlled by Williams Cos.
May 16 (Bloomberg) -- The three provinces holding Argentina’s largest shale oil and gas deposits will jointly challenge a push by federally owned YPF SA to take control of the auction and renewal of licenses, three officials said.
 “We also believe opportunities exist to deploy capital accretively into the life business where AIG has less exposure than peers to capital-intensive, high-return-on-equity products” The insurer, which was majority owned by the US.
 While Eneva has become the biggest private thermoelectric generator in the country, it posted a record loss of 9425 million reais last year and its debt-to-market value ratio is the highest after state-owned Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA among 150 major utilities in the Americas tracked by Bloomberg.
 Colombia has operating refineries in Cartagena and Barrancabermeja, both owned by Bogota-based Ecopetrol.
 San Miguel Brewery Inc, which sells nine of every 10 beers in the Philippines and is 51 percent owned by San Miguel, had sales of 1756 billion pesos, little changed from a year ago.
 China Cinda, one of four state-owned managers of bad loans, plans to sell its five-year bonds at about 275 basis points more than US.
 The benchmark is near a four-year low of 946 basis points reached May 2, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Monterey Holdings I Sarl, which is owned by the Terra Firma Deutsche Annington Fund, and CPI Capital Partners Europe GP LLC are selling a 125 percent stake, or about 30 million shares, according to a statement yesterday.
May 28 (Bloomberg) -- Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, the German family-owned drugmaker, agreed to pay $650 million to settle the majority of lawsuits filed over its blood thinner Pradaxa, which has been linked to more than 500 patient deaths.
 Researchers last year came up with an experimental antidote for the drug, which has generated more than $1 billion in sales worldwide for Boehringer, the world’s biggest family-owned drugmaker.
 It may also use assets at oil unit Genel Energy Plc, co-owned with former BP Plc Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward, one of the people said.
 de Electricidade de Macau, the city’s power provider, to a Chinese state-owned company for $612 million.
 Sino-French Holdings also granted an option to a company owned by gambling tycoon Stanley Ho pledging to buy a 9 percent stake in Macau Power from Ho’s company, NWS said.
 RBS, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, is the latest bank to divest private-equity holdings to focus on its main businesses as regulators press lenders to bolster their capital.
 companies, according to its website, and is majority owned by its managers.
 Highest Price The building is owned by Princeton, New Jersey-based Chambers Street Properties.
 Aeroflex raised $233 million in an initial public offering in 2010 after being owned by Golden Gate Capital, Veritas Capital, and a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 satellite-TV carrier, has a 41 percent stake in Sky Mexico, which is majority-owned by Mexican television giant Televisa.
 Slim’s company does have a marketing partnership with Dish Mexico, a satellite provider co-owned by Mexican company MVS Comunicaciones SA and by EchoStar Corp, the sister company of DirecTV rival Dish Network Corp.
 Oriental Pearl State-owned Shanghai Oriental is involved in hotels, cable television, advertising and broadcasting on Shanghai’s subway system.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- Tesla Motors Inc’s battle to sell electric cars directly to consumers faces a new hurdle as Missouri’s legislature considers a measure to bar its company-owned store system.
 Two days earlier, the separatists downed a military helicopter, killing a general and 13 soldiers.
 Lions Gate also licensed cosmetics rights for the “Twilight” teen vampire series and followed up this year with a collaboration for “Divergent” with Sephora, the beauty chain owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA.
 NBAD, 70 percent owned by the Abu Dhabi government, last week reported first-quarter profit of 141 billion dirhams ($383 million).
 The state-owned lender will focus its international strategy on the hubs of Mumbai, Lagos, Singapore, Hong Kong, London, Paris and Washington DC, it said in October.
 DP World Ltd, the Dubai-owned ports operator, requested banks to cut the price on a five-year revolving credit facility to 15 percentage points over the benchmark rate from 225 percent when the loan was signed in 2012, two people familiar with the deal said April 27.
 The government request to lift the ban includes a letter from a senior Treasury Department lawyer stating that “to the best of our knowledge” purchases from rocket maker NPO Energomash, which is owned by the Russian government, “currently do not directly or indirectly contravene” the sanctions against Rogozin.
 The operator, about 40 percent owned by the South African government, “will consider a number of criteria, one of which is our obligation to comply with the Employment Equity Act” The other criteria include qualifications, potential, length of service, and gender, according to a document that the unions, Solidarity and the South African Communications Union, said they received.
 Nova, owned by the Abu Dhabi government’s International Petroleum Investment Co, turns hydrocarbons such as ethane into ethylene, the most-used petrochemical, and then into pellets of polyethylene.
 In one of the cases, the Justice Department said Sun stole proprietary technical and design specifications for piping from Westinghouse, the nuclear reactor arm of Toshiba Corp, as the company was building four power plants in China and negotiating other business ventures with state-owned enterprises.
 Tencent, owner of the WeChat instant messaging application, will buy 78 million NavInfo shares, an 113 percent holding, from that company’s state-owned parent China Siwei Surveying & Mapping Technology Corp, according to a Shenzhen Stock Exchange filing yesterday.
 The technology “has the power to save lives, prevent injuries, and avoid extensive property damage” Thirty-seven railroads including Burlington Northern Santa Fe, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, are required by a 2008 law to install the systems on routes that carry passengers and the most-hazardous materials, such as chlorine and anhydrous ammonia.
 Rachesky, who owned a 15 percent stake, crafted a debt-for-equity swap to fend off Icahn.
 Also in 2012 he led a group of Debevoise attorneys in advising Cunningham Lindsey Group Ltd, an insurance claims processor majority-owned by Stone Point, on its acquisition by London-based private equity firm CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 The investment in Scoot, fully owned by Singapore Air, comes after the parent airline increased its stake in affiliate Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd.
 Korian in March bought Medica SA, a French operator of nursing homes, for about 107 billion euros, after Fresenius SE in February paid 307 billion euros for 43 hospitals in Germany owned by Rhoen-Klinikum AG.
 Depfa’s assets, which stood at 49 billion euros ($67 billion) at the end of 2013, will be moved to state-owned bad bank FMS Wertmanagement AoeR, or FMS-WM, the German Finance Ministry said in an e-mailed statement yesterday.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- Sunac China Holdings Ltd, a homebuilder partly owned by buyout firm Bain Capital LLC, agreed to pay HK$63 billion ($812 million) for a 243 percent stake in Chinese developer Greentown China Holdings Ltd.
 “That would bring added revenues” for state-owned terminal operator Klaipedos Nafta AB and gas trader Litgas AB, he said.
 ACP Re is owned by a trust established by AmTrust Financial Services Inc’s founder, according to a statement in January when the deal was announced.
 After the purchases, HotelInvest’s owned hotels will contribute about 68 percent of the unit’s net operating income compared with a medium-term target of 75 percent.
 Britain’s largest state-owned lender plans to cut hundreds of US.
 The bill would replace the US-owned companies over five years with federal insurance for mortgage bonds that would kick in after private investors were wiped out.
 Lenders say that is a major reason they’re still requiring credit scores averaging about 740 on loans they sell to the government-owned mortgage companies, far above the sub-700 average before 2007.
 The lender, which is 25 percent owned by the government, said the policy will affect about 8 percent of its lending in the UK.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Pro-Russian rebels downed a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine, killing a general and 13 troops, as a spokesman for US.
 “I have no doubt that Putin can end the fighting with his direct influence” Ukrainian forces used aviation and artillery assets to “destroy” the rebel unit that downed the helicopter today, the Interior Ministry’s National Guard unit said in a statement, without elaborating.
 The asset manager, whose $190 billion global bond group is managed by Michael Hasenstab, cut holdings of dollar debt from Russia’s government and state-owned companies with a face value of about $29 million during the period, part of a reduction of more than $200 million in Russian securities over six months to $12 billion, the company’s latest filings show.
 “We will produce enough gas to run our Ughelli plant to its current installed capacity of 1,000 megawatt and expand this to over 3,000 megawatt in the near future” Transcorp, 44 percent owned by Elumelu, was set up in 2004 to invest in industries in Africa’s biggest economy.
 It bought the Ughelli gas-fired power plant last year following a government sale of former state-owned utilities.
 Paramount Holdings Services Ltd, an investment vehicle owned and controlled by former Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Jabr Al Thani, agreed to buy 60 million Deutsche Bank shares at 2920 euros apiece, the bank said late yesterday.
 Didi, owned by Beijing Xiaoju Keji Didi Dache Co, plans to increase its workforce by 50 percent to about 1,500 people by the end of the year, hiring in areas including technology support and daily operations, said Zhang.
 Kuaidi, owned by Hangzhou Kuaidi Technology Co, operates in a similar way and allows payments and rebates through Alibaba’s mobile-payment system, Alipay Wallet.
May 28 (Bloomberg) -- Mashreqbank PSC, the Dubai-based lender owned by the billionaire Al Ghurair family, plans to raise about $500 million from a three-year loan as it seeks funds to expand, three bankers familiar with the plan said.
 says its proposed takeover of Alstom SA’s energy business can work, walk around Belfort, a city in eastern France that’s home to factories owned by both companies.
 The reason: over the years they’ve been owned by one or the other, so buildings across the site alternate between those marked GE and others carrying the Alstom logo.
 Christopher Giancarlo, the third nominee, would bring the CFTC up to a full complement of five members overseeing much of the $710 trillion global swaps market and futures traded on exchanges owned by CME Group Inc.
 The carrier, controlled by Alisher Usmanov, Russia’s richest man, and part-owned by Sweden’s TeliaSonera AB, has been boosting revenue faster than local competitors after acquiring mobile-data operator Scartel last year.
 AGL’s A$151 billion ($141 billion) deal to buy government-owned power plants in New South Wales was blocked in March by the nation’s antitrust regulator on concern that it would reduce competition.
 Property Availability “Most of the major properties in Canada are already institutionally owned and don’t come up for sale often,” said Real Capital President Robert M.
 Illegal gold mining also takes place in the southernAfrican nation’s province of Manica, which neighbors Zimbabwe,and Niassa, which borders Tanzania, according to the state-ownedNoticias newspaper.
 Three Chinese state-owned enterprises are described as benefiting from the thefts detailed in the indictment, although they’re not named.
 Vine, now based in Oxford, the UK, is the first manager on Dymon’s new hedge fund platform backed by Singapore’s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings Pte.
 BYD Co, the automaker partly owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, tumbled 56 percent.
 The broadcaster, owned by Comcast Corp, will shell out $765 billion under the deal, extending an earlier agreement that would have expired in 2020.
 British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, 39 percent owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc, said this week it’s in talks to buy the Italian and German pay-TV assets of Fox.
 Bloomberry, owned by Philippine billionaire Enrique Razon, has signed up 47 junket operators.
 Kerr, in New York, would be working for his former Chicago Bulls coach, Phil Jackson, whose contract with the Madison Square Garden Co-owned club is worth about $60 million over five seasons, ESPN said.
 Van Gundy Stan Van Gundy today was named coach and president of basketball operations of the Detroit Pistons, who are owned by Platinum Equity founder Tom Gores.
 Home buyers with higher debt and lower FICO credit scores are now a growing minority among borrowers of loans backed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the government-owned mortgage giants.
 Expanding Access “The regulatory environment now is just so much stricter, there’s not much you can do,” said Brian Simon, chief operating officer of New Penn Financial, the lender owned by mortgage-bond pioneer Lewis Ranieri’s Shellpoint Partners LLC.
 Joyful Horizon agreed to sell a 1059-million share stake in the firm to a company owned by CSPC’s chairman and 600 million shares to other unnamed parties at HK$625 each.
 An index of homebuilders rallied as sales of previously owned US.
 Other data showed sales of previously owned US.
 Yanfeng is a unit of Huayu Automotive Systems Co, which is owned by Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Endesa SA, the Spanish power company owned by Italy’s Enel SpA, was cleared by environmental regulators to expand its Puertollano open-pit coal mine and run the operation for another 30 years.
 No Bonus Asset managers Citadel LLC and Columbia Investment Advisers LLC both owned more than five percent of Abercrombie last year, according to the company’s 2013 proxy statement.
 It’s that you take their opinion seriously and that it has weight” Clean Shaven Jeffries was hired by billionaire Leslie Wexner to run Abercrombie in 1992, when it was a brand owned by The Limited Inc, which spun off Abercrombie in 1996.
 Jeffries made headlines in 2011 after it was revealed that he required models who worked on an Abercrombie-owned Gulfstream G55 to be clean shaven, wear boxer briefs, flip flops and a “spritz” of the company’s cologne when he traveled, according to a manual disclosed in a lawsuit.
 Lonmin is exploring various options to have 26 percent of its equity owned by black citizens by the end of the year from 18 percent, which is required by South African law.
 Harris owned 09 percent of BNP Paribas, making it the 10th largest holder.
 Herro’s Oakmark International Fund owned $159 billion in Credit Suisse as of March 31 and about $750 million in BNP Paribas, according to the fund’s website.
 NBC Sports Network said it drew more than 175 million viewers in six NHL playoff games in May, a record for the Comcast Corp-owned network.
 has a 50 percent stake, is operating a niche market to cater for the African rail industry, stricken by lack of modern infrastructure amid rising demand for efficient transport from miners, state-owned rail operators and freight companies, according to Ntuli.
 While South Africa is working on a 300-billion rand ($286 billion) infrastructure improvement plan through state-owned Transnet SOC Ltd, countries such as Zambia, Mozambique and Botswana are still grappling with lack of train lines and old equipment.
 McDonald’s also said it plans to sell 1,500 company-owned stores to franchisees by 2016, primarily in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and its Asia-Pacific region.
 “Modi is renowned for corporate governance,” Raj Kothari, a London-based fixed-income trader dealing in emerging-markets assets at Sun Global Investment Ltd, said by phone.
 Lonmin is exploring various options to have 26 percent of its equity owned by black citizens by the end of the year from 18 percent, which is required by South African law.
 PayPal, the online payments system owned by EBay Inc, contributes almost 40 percent of the San Jose-based e-commerce company’s revenue, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “Once we are able to communicate that, we think our decision will be proven right,” he said The improved bid, in which shareholders of the target company would have owned 40 percent on the combined entity, failed to bring Metso’s management to the negotiating table, Weir said today.
 LCH, which is majority-owned by LSE, contributed 263 million pounds of sales.
 Makwana was chairman of Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, the country’s state-owned electricity producer, during O’Flaherty’s tenure as financial director.
 The investments are aimed at replacing aging equipment and adding plants to avoid a repeat of 2008 blackouts that halted mines, including those owned by companies such as Anglo American Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd, for five days and paralyzed factories.
 Van Rensburg’s defiance reflects anger and masks fear in the Rustenburg area of the North West province, where as many as 16 million people have been affected by the strike at operations owned by Lonmin, Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 American Residential Properties Inc, a landlord with more than 4,000 homes, and Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp, which owned 5,642 residences as of Dec.
 and at least four owned iPhones.
May 24 (Bloomberg) -- BYD Co, the Chinese automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, will raise HK$427 billion ($550 million) in its biggest stock sale since its 2002 initial public offering.
 Athens Water, Greece’s biggest water utility with a 106 billion-euro market value, is 61 percent state-owned, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Telkom, which is almost 40 percent owned by the South African government, reiterated today full-year earnings would be more than 20 percent higher than a year ago.
May 13 (Bloomberg) -- Banque Saudi Fransi, the Saudi lender part owned by Credit Agricole SA, is planning to raise about 2 billion riyals ($533 million) to bolster its capital base, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 Saudi Hollandi Bank, 40 percent owned by ABN Amro, raised 25 billion riyals in December from the sale of Tier 2 sukuk, while Saudi British Bank raised 15 billion riyals to boost capital in the same month.
 “Inflation as an asset class in Europe is very under-owned, not surprisingly given recent underperformance of inflation” ECB stimulus designed to boost inflation may yet give a fillip to conventional securities by holding down borrowing costs, enabling the securities to continue this year’s rally.
 The company also is planning Arctic drilling in an alliance with state-owned OAO Rosneft.
 Seadrill, 245 percent owned by Fredriksen, holds 697 percent of North Atlantic.
May 29 (Bloomberg) -- Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil producer, is negotiating with Chinese companies to create a fund valued at as much as $4 billion to invest and finance projects.
 Urpilainen will remain finance minister for “at least some weeks” and Rinne will decide on the timetable for the handover, she said in an interview on state-owned broadcaster YLE TV1 today.
May 1 (Bloomberg) -- Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require an additional bailout of as much as $190 billion in a severe economic downturn, according to the results of stress tests released by the regulator for the US-owned companies.
 The company is ultimately owned by the Chinese government.
 State-owned enterprises were the only issuers of US.
 The measure is on course for its lowest close since May 2010 and a drop of 31 basis points this week, the fourth straight week of declines, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Treasuries fell today as the National Association of Realtors reported that closings on previously owned US.
 Cash dispensers owned by companies such as Standard Bank Group Ltd.
May 2 (Bloomberg) -- BC Partners Ltd, a British private-equity firm, is suing a company it previously owned, Seat Pagine Gialle SpA, which is now under court administration in Italy.
 The fund Ergen used to buy the debt, SP Special Opportunities LLC, wasn’t technically prohibited from making the purchases because it was owned by him and not Dish, Chapman said.
 At Sears Canada, a department-store chain that’s majority-owned by Sears Holdings Corp, its quarterly net loss widened to C$752 million ($69 million), or 74 cents a share, from C$312 million, or 31 cents, a year earlier.
Vietnam Airlines Corp, the nationalcarrier, plans to sell as much as a 15 percent stake to foreigninvestors as the government seeks to ramp up the overhaul ofstate-owned companies and spur economic growth.
May 21 (Bloomberg) -- About 600 families who settled uninvited on farms owned by South African sugar producer Tongaat Hulett Ltd.
 the families have been given letters to occupy “virgin land” that isn’t owned by the agricultural company.
 Supporters of Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front party began occupying mainly white-owned farms in 2000, displacing about 300,000 agricultural employees and 3,000 white farmers.
 Other large assets owned by Exor include 685 percent of New York-based real estate company Cushman & Wakefield Inc.
 The company, partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
May 2 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, jumped by the most in more than two years in London after reporting a threefold gain in quarterly profit.
 Rival bidder Pilgrim’s is the majority-owned US.
 Canceled Sale The cost to protect Hillshire’s bonds against losses for five years fell 275 basis points to 63 basis points, the lowest level since 2010, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Danish mortgage bonds, about 80 percent owned by domestic investors, have outperformed US.
 The benchmark is poised to rise for the first time since May 6, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 India Operations Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, the UAE’s fourth-biggest bank, and Dubai-based Mashreqbank PSC, owned by the billionaire Al Ghurair family, are the only UAE.
 India, a country of more than a billion people, has 26 government-owned, 21 private and 43 foreign banks, according to the country’s Banks Association.
 “There’s a saying ’sell in May and go away’ We’re concerned about the potential for seasonal downside from May to September” Bullish Sign Nine of the 10 most-owned options on the VIX are betting on a rise in volatility.
 Athens Water, with a market value of 1 billion euros, is 61 percent state-owned, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
May 5 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railway Co, the carrier owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, expects US.
 20,000 Workers Canadian creditors, including about 20,000 Nortel workers and pensioners, say they deserve almost all the money from the patent sale because Nortel was based in Ontario and its main holding company owned the intellectual property.
 and Permira Advisers LLP, which have owned Saga since 2007, will sell stakes in the IPO.
 Three years later, Saga was combined with Automobile Association Ltd, owned by CVC and Permira, in a 62 billion-pound deal.
 In Virginia, a local health plan owned by a hospital and physicians in Lynchburg has proposed to join Aetna Inc, Kaiser Permanente and WellPoint Inc.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, which is majority owned by the state, advanced 26 percent to 3066 pence, and Barclays Plc added 16 percent to 2562 pence.
 An 18-week strike over pay by more than 70,000 workers has shut mines owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Treasury and Commerce department representatives declined to comment on Braden’s request for an evaluation of transactions involving engine-maker NPO Energomash, a company owned by the Russian government.
 An 18-week strike over pay by more than 70,000 workers has shut mines owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Its depth, complex ore formation and the methods needed to extract the gold have led to delays though the life of the mine, which has been owned by JCI Ltd, Western Areas Ltd.
 BSkyB, 39 percent owned by 21st Century Fox Inc, said today it’s in talks to take control of satellite carriers Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland in a deal valued at about 10 billion euros ($14 billion).
 Sales of new and previously owned US.
 Or it could tender for a certain amount of solar power capacity, paying developers to install plants for a state-owned utility or Aramco.
 Telefonica and Oi executives have discussed as recently as last month a potential deal to split Tim Brasil among Oi, Vivo and Claro, owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, said the people.
 Monterey Holdings I Sarl, which is owned by the Terra Firma Deutsche Annington Fund, and CPI Capital Partners Europe GP LLC sold a 125 percent stake, or about 30 million shares, for 1950 euros each, according to a statement today.
 housing market included sales of previously owned homes falling to the slowest pace in 20 months in March, and purchases of new houses sinking 145 percent from February, according to reports last month.
 companies reincorporating overseas have at least 20 percent of stock owned by their foreign partner.
 Barclays bought Spain’s Banco Zaragozano SA, a consumer and commercial bank, in 2003 for about 114 billion euros to become the country’s largest foreign-owned bank.
 Buying Aquila would give state-owned Baosteel, parent of China’s biggest publicly traded steelmaker, and Aurizon, Australia’s largest haulage company, a half stake in the A$74 billion West Pilbara iron ore mine, port and rail project in Western Australia.
 Barista Lavazza, owned by Turin, Italy-based Lavazza SpA, was India’s second-largest coffee chain as of September, followed by London-based Costa Coffee, according to the Technopak report.
 The gauge has since gained 18 percent as state-owned companies including Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded.
 The emirate is accelerating asset sales as it seeks to repay billions of dollars of debt accumulated by state-owned companies in a spending binge to make the city a trade and tourism hub.
 DIC, owned by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid AlMaktoum’s Dubai Holding, bought Mauser from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s One Equity Partners LLC.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- The Senate Banking Committee is preparing to vote next week on a plan to replace government-owned mortgage firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as fading Democratic backing for the measure dims its chances of becoming law.
May 12 (Bloomberg) -- National Public Finance Guarantee Corp, the municipal finance insurer owned by MBIA Inc, was awarded an AA+ credit grade by Kroll Bond Rating Agency Inc, a ranking two levels above that of Standard & Poor’s.
 While Eneva has become the biggest private thermoelectric generator in the country, it posted a record loss of 9425 million reais last year and its debt-to-market value ratio is the highest after state-owned Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA among 148 major utilities in the Americas tracked by Bloomberg.
 Speculation Rally Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd, billionaire Lui Che Woo’s casino company, surged 129 percent last year even as declines in state-owned companies such as PetroChina Co.
 Fresnillo, 75 percent owned by Penoles, operates six silver and gold mines in Mexico.
 It was established by merging four state-owned companies in 2006.
 The state-owned natural gas monopoly said Ukraine must pay for next month’s supplies by June 2 or face a shutoff the next day.
 Ukraine’s banking system will probably see a year or two of losses as local and foreign-owned lenders “freeze operations” until they get more clarity on the country’s future, analysts at Raiffeisen Bank International AG, including Gunter Deuber in Vienna, wrote yesterday.
 Branson was in Dallas to help rally support for his partly owned US.
May 20 (Bloomberg) -- Ecopetrol SA, Colombia’s state-owned oil producer, sold $2 billion of 31-year bonds as borrowing costs for longer-dated debt fall to the lowest in almost a year.
May 28 (Bloomberg) -- Nationwide Building Society, the UK’s biggest customer-owned lender, said fiscal full-year pretax profit rose more than fourfold as it extended more loans to homebuyers.
 While its repurchase program lets it acquire shares once owned by AT&T when they’re in the open market, America Movil has no plans to buy any significant portion of AT&T’s stake, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 An AMCU official was killed during a clash with police in February and two others were arrested for the attempted murder of a worker in April after more than 70,000 members of the union went on strike at mines owned by Amplats, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Viacom, the owner of MTV and Comedy Channel, will pay as much as 450 million pounds ($759 million) for the broadcaster owned by Richard Desmond’s Northern & Shell, the Guardian newspaper reported yesterday.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 After more than doubling its credit trading, sales and research unit in less than four years, the private, mostly employee-owned Sterne Agee is building out its investment-banking, equities and mortgage businesses, according to the memo.
 As the race for Dublin property reaches a frenzy not seen since the market collapsed, Brendan McDonagh, chief executive of Ireland’s state-owned bad bank, said this month it would be “no harm” if commercial real estate gains leveled off.
 Self-Belief Dutchman Van Gaal is renowned for his self-belief and fiery temperament and fell out with the hierarchy at Bayern Munich, his last club post, before being sacked in 2011.
 At the time, Ferguson called on supporters “to stand by the new manager” In 11 years at Everton, Moyes had achieved regular top-half finishes without winning a trophy at a club that lacked the financial resources of billionaire-owned United, Manchester City and Chelsea.
 His resignation is effective from today, said the official at the state-owned lender who declined to be named in line with company policy.
 That’s especially true if the employer is a foreign-owned corporation rather than a state-owned enterprise with direct links to local officials.
May 15 (Bloomberg) -- Com Hem AB, the Swedish cable operator owned by BC Partners Ltd, is preparing an initial public offering to raise about $1 billion, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.
 Doyen is also the owner of Rixos Hotels, which sponsors Chelsea, the Premier League club owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich.
 The 28-year-old stayed two seasons, helping Atletico win the Europa League and Spanish Cup before joining billionaire-owned Monaco for a reported 60 million euros.
 Kakao board Chairman Kim is Kakao’s largest shareholder with 299 percent, while Kcubeholdings Co, wholly owned by Kim, holds 237 percent.
 First-quarter net-income at Britain’s largest state-owned lender rose to 12 billion pounds ($2 billion) from 393 million pounds a year earlier.
 Reliance added 31 percent and Oil & Natural Gas Corp, the largest state-owned explorer, rose 31 percent.
(Corrects length of case in first paragraph of story published on May 6) May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Education Management Corp, the for-profit college operator partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, must face a 7-year-old lawsuit alleging it engaged in a fraud to wrongfully obtain more than $11 billion in student aid.
 Contracts to purchase previously owned homes rose for a second month in April, a sign the residential real estate market is stabilizing after a weak start to the year.
 Allen’s Rothko A Mark Rothko painting owned by Microsoft Corp.
 In the US, about 90 percent of its locations are owned by franchisees, who determine pay, Sa Shekhem said.
 Production had slumped following Mugabe’s 2000 land reform program that saw the government seizing commercial farms owned by white landowners to give to black Zimbabweans, many of who were subsistence farmers.
 Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa has said a law that forces foreign and white-owned companies to cede 51 percent stakes to black Zimbabweans will be eased.
 The government is working on a ‘‘sector by sector’’ plan and won’t compel all foreign-owned companies to sell, he said on April 23.
 According to a 1969 New York Times profile, Stuart spent much of his childhood in Wyoming, where his parents owned a ranch, and in New Mexico, where he attended the Los Alamos Ranch School.
 Sprint, which is 80 percent owned by Son’s company, plans to push forward with a bid for T-Mobile US Inc.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Vivint Inc, a security, solar and home automation company owned by Blackstone Group LP, is testing a consumer Internet service that it expects to become the “backbone” of its plan to control almost all of the electronics in customers’ houses.
 Missouri’s legislature is considering a measure to bar Tesla’s company-owned stores.
 China National Petroleum Corp, PetroChina’s state-owned parent, and Russia’s OAO Gazprom yesterday signed the agreement in Shanghai to supply 38 billion cubic meters of gas annually over 30 years.
 The chairman and CEO uses company-owned aircraft exclusively for business purposes.
 involving company-owned business jets flown by professional pilots, according to the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, a Frederick, Maryland-based trade group.
 Kenya’s Treasury holds a 25 percent stake in the company, while the state-owned National Social Security Fund has 27 percent.
 In June, Alibaba will start offering wireless phone service including voice and third-generation data packages on network capacity leased from all three state-owned carriers, the company announced last month.
 There are no plans to sell the Milford, Connecticut-based company, which is owned by Doctor’s Associates Inc, or to take it public, he said.
 The Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union, on strike for a 15th week at most South African platinum mines owned by the world’s three biggest producers of the metal, also wants to halt work at gold operations, including Harmony’s Kusasalethu, over pay.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Investment Corporation of Dubai, the emirate’s main state-owned holding company, may sell its first dollar bonds this month, according to a person familiar with the deal, as the city’s real-estate market and economy rebound.
 His ambitious plan puts Reynolds in direct competition with Boston-based Fidelity, which he left in 2007 after being passed up for the top job at the family-owned retail-investing giant.
 SBI, which is 586 percent owned by the government, is strengthening credit-monitoring measures to identify loans that may default and is taking steps to recover them, Bhattacharya said in a February interview.
 “People think of them as being financially conservative, but their stated target is only to remain investment grade, which gives them a lot of flexibility” London-based BSkyB, 39 percent owned by Fox, the US-based film and television company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said May 12 it’s in talks to take control of satellite and cable broadcasters Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland AG.
 Two years later, the ensuing law prevented companies from receiving the tax benefit of an overseas merger if their existing shareholders still owned 80 percent or more of the company’s stock after the deal.
 ‘Well Capitalized’ Saudi British Bank, part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, and Saudi Hollandi Bank have also sold Islamic bonds in the past six months, taking advantage of lower funding costs.
 While Alibaba gets most of its revenue from wholly foreign-owned enterprises, it could be impacted if China revokes its VIE license, the filing shows.
 The forum lists as sponsors some of Russia’s biggest corporate names, including state-controlled energy companies OAO Gazprom and OAO Rosneft and state-owned development bank Vnesheconombank.
 Contracts to buy previously owned houses in the US.
 At stake is a chunk of the nearly $400 billion a year retail power market and the future shape of an industry already under pressure from deregulation, green politics, the rooftop solar revolution and growing competition from independently owned, small-scale clones of the electric grid called microgrids.
 Last year, the Edison Electric Institute, a trade group representing the investor-owned utilities that accounted for 46 percent of US.
 Berkshire owned 4835 million Wells Fargo & Co.
 BSkyB, 39 percent owned by Fox, said today it’s in talks to buy the Italian and German pay-TV assets of Fox.
 Manchester United Plc, the English soccer club, also considered a share sale in Hong Kong before eventually settling on the US, where Class B shares owned by the Glazer family carry 10 votes apiece versus one vote each for the Class A shares sold in the IPO.
 In terms of injection of funds, it will increase holdings of big state-owned companies and buy index ETFs” Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index ended little changed at 22,83652.
 Turkey also aims to attract $10 billion in Saudi investments in petrochemicals over five years, Saudi-owned Asharq Alawsat reported last month.
 State-owned bank Caisse des Depots & Consignations holds 885 percent while Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault SAS has 6 percent and Groupama Asset Management has 515 percent.
 “We have very few that are, in the long run, not profitable, and it’s the same with the wine” Cheval Blanc As a bonus, the vineyards have helped him forge relationships with executives involved in the cement merger: Albert Frere, the largest shareholder in Lafarge, is part-owner of Cheval Blanc, a renowned vineyard in Bordeaux’s Saint-Emilion region.
 The Transocean Spitsbergen rig won’t resume its voyage to the Apollo prospect in the Hoop area or start drilling until about 10 activists have left the vessel, which is owned by Transocean Ltd, Statoil spokesman Oerjan Heradstveit said.
 He has 500 units on sale out of about 4,600 created by city-owned Kiptas.
 Beijing-based Bank of China, the first Chinese lender to enter the German market when it set up a branch in Frankfurt in May 1989, has since been joined by four other major state-owned Chinese lenders as trade builds between the two countries.
 and at least fourowned iPhones.
 “If you look at the situation of credit in the country, there’s a lack of credit for consumers,” Mantega said yesterday in an interview on state-owned television channel TV Brasil.
 The move would spur generation from thousands of smaller systems owned by individuals and other companies -- notably rooftop solar panels.
 pay-TV company, which is 39 percent owned by Fox, wants control of broadcasters Sky Deutschland AG and Sky Italia, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 Portland Communications, a London firm owned by Omnicom, has represented Gazprom.
 “The economy is on an improving trend with anticipation of higher export growth due to improving global trades” In line with Korea’s call on state-owned enterprises to trim their balance sheets, Kepco plans to curb its debt-to-equity ratio to 143 percent by 2017, below the government’s proposed target of 145 percent, the utility said in March.
 He may sell a state-owned electricity distribution network valued at $33 billion to help pay for them, an amount that would be triple the size of any single sale of electricity or gas assets in Asia, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Interested Buyers New South Wales’s three state-owned electricity distributors -- Essential Energy, Ausgrid and Endeavour Energy - - have total net assets of A$77 billion, according to their latest annual reports.
 The group last month called Baird an advocate of a deal and said his rise to premier puts the sale of government-owned assets “well and truly on the agenda” ‘Good Business’ “The public wants to be convinced that this is good business,” David Burchell, an Australian political historian and lecturer at the University of Western Sydney, said in a phone interview.
 OTP competes with mostly foreign-owned banks including Erste Group Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, KBC Groep NV, Intesa SanPaolo SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
May 15 (Bloomberg) -- Cukurova Holding AS, owned by Turkish billionaire Mehmet Emin Karamehmet, is seeking a loan of about $16 billion to recover a disputed 138 percent stake in Turkey’s biggest mobile-phone operator from Russia’s Alfa Group, two people with knowledge of the matter said.
 Cukurova has until the end of June to repay as much as $159 billion to Alfa, an investment company owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman, to recover the holding in Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS, said the people, who asked not to be named because the process is confidential.
 It may also use assets at oil company unit Genel Energy Plc, co-owned with former BP Plc Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward, one of the people said.
 Cukurova and Alfa agreed in 2005 on a finance package totaling $33 billion as the Istanbul-based investor was seeking $2 billion to repay debt to the government after the collapse of a bank it had owned.
 Worker Qualifications The inspector general recommended that the Army “review the eligibility of the 460 DynCorp International employees to determine if they met the labor qualifications specified in the contract and if they did not obtain a refund for improper labor charges or recoup from any currently owed payments” Asked if Northrop Grumman was in discussions with the Army about refunding any of the questionable costs, Randy Belote, a spokesman for Falls Church, Virginia-based Northrop, said in an e-mailed statement that“we do not comment publicly on meetings held with customers or the content of the discussions” Ashley Burke, a spokeswoman for DynCorp International, said in an e-mail that the company “has cooperated with investigators throughout their inquiry into this issue, has complied fully with our obligations under the subcontract, and nothing improper was submitted by DI to our customer” DynCorp International is owned by affiliates of New York-based Cerberus Capital Management LP.
 MTS may set up a new company, which would be part-owned by the Uzbek government, to operate in the country, he said.
May 16 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, purchased stocks in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
 Turquoise is 51 percent owned by Rio Tinto Group, which is in discussions with the Mongolian government about the financing of the expansion of Oyu Tolgoi.
 Temasek, wholly owned by Singapore’s Ministry of Finance, is the ninth-biggest state investor with an estimated $173 billion of assets, according to the website of the Sovereign Wealth Center.
 China’s state-owned banks such as Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd, the nation’s largest lender, on the other hand “are as active as never before” in European ship financing and prepared to take “hundreds of assets on their books,” Stoltenberg said in his speech.
 Stoltenberg referred to German state-owned banks like HSH Nordbank and NordLB, which have reduced their shipping investments in the recent crisis years.
 The company is close to offering a new futures contract based on the most-active swap indexes owned by Markit Group Ltd, replicating the lineups of investment-grade and junk-rated companies, a person with knowledge of the plan said last month.
 Dutchman Van Gaal is renowned for his self-belief and fiery temperament and fell out with the hierarchy at Bayern Munich, his last club post, before being fired in 2011.
 At the time, Ferguson called on supporters “to stand by the new manager” In 11 years at Everton, Moyes had achieved regular top-half finishes without winning a trophy at a club that lacked the financial resources of billionaire-owned United, Manchester City and Chelsea.
 The previous record Christie’s had set was $1372 million in December 2011 with the auction of a collection that had been owned by Elizabeth Taylor.
 PT Perusahaan Gas Negara, Indonesia’s state-owned energy distributer, is offering 10-year notes at about 55 percent, while Tokyo Metropolitan Government is considering selling five-year dollar bonds at a spread over swaps in the low 40 basis-points area, separate people said.
 The measure is poised to fall for a fourth day and for its lowest close since May 2010, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Eucalyptus tree cellulose for clothes sold by companies including L Brands Inc-owned lingerie maker Victoria’s Secret and Inditex SA’s Zara is delivering profit margins of about 33 percent for Sappi, compared with 7 percent for its bigger paper unit, according to the company.
 State-owned China Central Television reported over the weekend that Macau visitors who didn’t travel on to a third-party country could receive a special stamp on their passport, which could make future visa applications more difficult, according to Union Gaming.
 Panama’s Copa Holdings SA said last week it will cut routes to Venezuela, saying it’s owned $488 million by the government.
 Imperial Oil Ltd, the Calgary-based producer majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, last year boosted the cost of its Kearl project by 18 percent.
 BSkyB, partly owned by Fox, is working on a deal valued at about 10 billion euros ($14 billion) to acquire control of satellite carriers Sky Deutschland AG and Sky Italia from Fox, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 In Germany and the UK, cable operators owned by billionaire John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc are the closest competitors for pay-TV users, according to Bloomberg Industries.
 Nationstar Bet Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc, which is majority owned by Fortress Investment Group LLC, benefited during the boom in refinancing and then suffered as mortgage rates rose.
 Vaca Muerta’s oil production more than tripled in the first quarter from a year ago, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Industries, boosted primarily by a joint venture between state-owned YPF SA and Chevron Corp.
 The sheikhdom’s lower cost of borrowing tempted the government to sell $750 million of Islamic bonds in April, and state-owned holding company Investment Corp.
 TaylorMade, the Adidas AG-owned brand that makes clubs and golf accessories, also is suffering.
 Announcing her 2014-2018 energy program, Bachelet said the government will inject $400 million into Empresa Nacional del Petroleo and charge the state-owned company to lead development of a new liquefied natural gas terminal in central-southern Chile.
 Other tax breaks it would resuscitate include accelerated depreciation for motor sports tracks like those owned by International Speedway Corp, incentives for live theater productions and tax-preferred benefits for mass-transit commuters.
 Formed 31 years ago and owned by seven banks, TecBan says it saw a business opportunity and allows the use of most foreign cards.
 Petersburg-based lender owned by associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
 The Ibovespa has increased 18 percent since this year’s low on March 14 as state-owned companies including the power utility Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA rebounded amid speculation that Rousseff may lose the election and a new president could reduce the intervention in companies that the federal government controls.
 “Less intervention would be a positive not just for state-owned companies but for the economy in general,” Figueredo said by phone from Sao Paulo.
 Telkom, 40 percent owned by the South African government, is struggling to revive revenue growth as consumers migrate from fixed-line technology to data-enabled smartphones and tablets.
 The company owned 37 million lines at the end of September, according to the statement.
 Third Point LLC, the hedge-fund firm he founded, revealed a stake this week in IHI Corp, saying investors are undervaluing the land and buildings owned by Japan’s biggest plane-engine maker.
 Petersburg’s Pulkovo airport, the Russian hub partly owned by German airport operator Fraport AG.
 The shipyard trades as Aker Philadelphia Shipyard ASA on the Oslo Stock Exchange, with a majority of its shares owned by Aker’s investment arm.
 Zimbabwe Alloys, 85 percent owned by Benscore Investments, controls almost 40 percent of the country’s chrome reserves, the biggest in the world after neighboring South Africa.
 The Canadian creditors, including Nortel’s pension system, said that because the company was based in Ontario and owned the patents, it deserves the cash that was paid for them by the technology company group, according to Starke.
 The bill would authorize the president to direct the Treasury Department to freeze the assets of foreign companies, including state-owned entities, that benefit from industrial espionage.
 Coal-fueled plants owned by Energy Future’s generating unit, Luminant, make up almost 11 percent of total power supplies in Texas and are considered a key safety margin in the state where booming demand threatens to outstrip capacity.
 A Modi-led BJP administration could replicate power industry reforms accomplished in Gujarat across the nation, including separate transmission lines for wind farms and a greater thrust on clean energy, said Sumant Sinha, chief executive officer of ReNew Power Ventures Pvt, which is majority owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 “It is in the government’s own interest to improve governance and management” State-controlled lenders, which account for more than 70 percent of India’s outstanding loans, have historically been under-capitalized relative to privately owned peers as a 51 percent government ownership requirement curbs the scope those banks’ have to raise capital by selling shares.
 Azura is owned by investment firms Amaya Capital Partners and American Capital Energy & Infrastructure.
 Texas and Arizona also prohibit sales at automaker-owned stores.
 Fed, ECB An April 2013 survey of 60 central banks by Central Banking Publications and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc found that 23 percent either owned shares or planned to buy them.
 Shares of Sherritt, with mining and energy assets in Cuba, Madagascar, Spain and Pakistan, struggled until December amid depressed nickel prices and the delayed start of commercial operations at its 40 percent-owned Ambatovy nickel project in Madagascar.
 Newzbin Owner Says He Will be Bankrupted by Copyright Ruling A disbarred British lawyer, who was the secret owner of a copyright-infringing website he owned, said in a blog posting that he will be bankrupted by the judgment against him in the copyright case.
 Buffett and Munger, renowned for their success with long-term value investing at Berkshire Hathaway Inc, both predicted at the firm’s annual meeting that activist funds will draw more money.
 Treasury Department a combined $102 billion by June 30, an amount reflecting the profits the US-owned mortgage financiers reported for the first quarter.
 “Prices above their expectations made farmers happy sellers,” Alexander Gruber, trading manager at Tong Teik Pte, a company owned by RCMA Commodities Asia Pte, said by e-mail.
 “Still, the policy shift isn’t an easy decision since it needs approval from various government agencies” Broad Thrust Targets for foreign investment are more likely to be non-state companies, or the smaller state-owned firms, Xu said.
 “Their economy relies on importing diesel so this project will have an impact” The refinery is part of 44-year-old Prince’s new role as chairman of Hong-Kong listed Frontier Services Group Ltd, a logistics and transport company that’s investing in Africa using cash injections from Asian investors including Citic Group, China’s largest state-owned conglomerate.
 Sales of previously owned homes rose 13 percent in April, the first gain this year, data from the National Association of Realtors showed.
 Monterey Holdings I Sarl, which is owned by the Terra Firma Deutsche Annington Fund, and CPI Capital Partners Europe GP LLC sold a 125 percent stake in the German landlord at 1950 euros a share, according to a statement.
 Three years later, it teamed up with Automobile Association Ltd, owned by CVC and Permira, in a 62 billion-pound deal.
 Vodacom, 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, is expanding in newer, high-growth territories such as Mozambique and the Democratic Republic of Congo as the South African market becomes saturated.
 “We’re having constructive discussions” Zambia Revenue Authority withheld value-added tax repayments to mines owned by companies including Vedanta Resources Plc and First Quantum Minerals Ltd, saying they didn’t comply with rules requiring import certificates from the countries their copper ends up in.
 Yesterday’s deal will make the Hangzhou, China-based company the second-largest investor in Singapore’s former state-owned mail service after Singapore Telecommunications Ltd, SingPost Chief Executive Officer Wolfgang Baier said.
 Assets under management at banks owned or headquartered outside Switzerland increased 9 percent to 960 billion Swiss francs ($107 trillion), the Association of Foreign Banks in Switzerland said today in a statement.
 Safra Sarasin Holding AG, part of Brazil’s Safra Group, BSI Group, owned by Assicurazioni Generali SpA, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 Small-Cap Core Equity funds -- also owned shares at the end of March, according to Dotson.
 automaker owned by Fiat SpA, lost $690 million in the first quarter when it bought the shares held by a union retiree medical trust, paving the way for integration of the companies.
 energy markets and they’re bringing their capital here” The world’s biggest commodity merchants, most privately owned, are buying or building more physical assets in the US.
 Pembani holds a stake in a South African fuel retailer owned by Petroliam Nasional Bhd and has investments in companies including the South African coal unit of BHP Billiton Ltd.
 Sheridan, based in Sunrise, Florida, is owned by private-equity firm Hellman & Friedman LLC.
 The shares rallied 22 percent yesterday after Pilgrim’s Pride Corp, the chicken processor majority-owned by JBS SA, announced a more than $6 billion takeover bid for Hillshire, including net debt.
 Neuberger has been at 605 Third Ave, owned by Fisher Brothers, since 1992.
 They were also accused of inciting students to vandalize vehicles and state-owned buildings in Niamey, the capital.
 Novatek, part owned by Timchenko, is planning for a firm contract to supply liquefied natural gas from the Yamal LNG project in Russia’s Arctic to China, CEO and billionaire shareholder Leonid Mikhelson said in April.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- A German government agency began the sale of a company owned by failed bank WestLB AG that has 97 billion euros ($13 billion) of property loans.
 BNSF Railway Co, the railroad owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, said in an e-mailed statement it already provides state agencies and emergency response organizations with route information on hazardous materials upon request.
May 23 (Bloomberg) -- A unit of Singapore’s state-owned investment company Temasek Holdings Pte.
 Daily Mail and General Trust surged 11 percent after announcing the IPO of its 526 percent-owned Zoopla Property operation, which owns real estate websites.
 In China, leaders mandated national targets for their producers such as state-owned China Petroleum & Chemical Corp, known as Sinopec.
 Westinghouse Reactors In one case, the indictment detailed intrusions into Westinghouse’s internal computer systems while it was engaged in negotiations with a state-owned company it had agreed to build four AP1000 reactors with in China.
 Nottingham, UK-based Alliance Boots, owned by Walgreen Co.
 Standard Life Investments provided 50 million pounds ($84 million) of a 143 million-pound loan secured by warehouses owned by Londonmetric Property Plc, according to Norbert Kellner, the London-based head of debt capital markets real estate at arranger Landesbank Hessen-Thueringen Girozentrale.
 While completed sales of previously owned dwellings rose in April from the previous month, the first gain this year, they were down 68 percent from a year earlier, according to NAR.
 Sellers had owned their homes for a median of nine years in 2013 compared with six years at the housing market’s peak in 2006, data from the National Association of Realtors show.
 Harris owned 09 percent of BNP Paribas, making it the 10th-largest holder.
 Herro’s Oakmark International Fund owned $159 billion in Credit Suisse as of March 31 and about $750 million in BNP Paribas, according to the fund’s website.
 BSkyB, 39 percent owned by Fox, said today it’s in talks to buy the Italian and German pay-TV assets of Fox.
 In Germany and the UK, cable operators owned by billionaire John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc are the closest competitors for pay-TV users, according to Bloomberg Industries.
 Ltd-owned Uniqlo and Arcadia Group Plc’s Topshop, which have been expanding into South Africa, Australia and other new markets.
 He then held the same position at HSH Nordbank AG, a state-owned bank based in Hamburg, from 2009 to 2013.
 Higher Risk FHA loans are riskier than those backed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, the government-owned mortgage companies, because the agency’s underwriting standards are looser.
 A successful takeover will likely boost the return on Stockland’s commercial portfolio “because the assets owned by Australand are higher yielding” Australand shares fell 07 percent to A$423 at the close of trading in Sydney.
May 15 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Pacific Ltd, which is acquiring $36 billion of assets from its state-owned Chinese parent, agreed to sell $51 billion of shares to investors including the country’s social security fund.
 The company said last month it will buy assets from parent Citic Group Corp, the country’s first state-owned investment corporation, ranging from financial services to energy and property.
 The company has owned all of its mobile-phone unit since 2006, long before Verizon.
 The club, which is owned by its fans and plows all its net income back into the organization, can expect as much as 50 million euros ($682 million) in prize money from this season’s Champions League: Bayern Munich, the 2013 champion, got 55 million euros last year.
 Its loan agreements require lenders to sign off on more than 200 store closings a year, out of a total of 4,297 company-owned locations, the credit-rating firm said.
 Sumner Redstone’s company will pay cash to buy the broadcaster from Northern & Shell, the publishing company owned by Richard Desmond.
 “It gives Viacom another owned distribution vehicle to monetize its content” Viacom fell 21 percent to $8324 at 9:34 am.
 Desmond, who once owned the license to publish Penthouse in the UK, bought Channel 5 from Bertelsmann AG’s RTL Group SA in 2010 for 1035 million pounds.
 The third-biggest platinum producer said in a statement yesterday that “the parties have fully embraced this process” State-owned SABC News television reported yesterday that the parties had reached an agreement, citing AMCU lawyer Larry Dave.
 The third-biggest platinum producer said in an earlier statement that “the parties have fully embraced this process” State-owned SABC News television today reported that the parties had reached an agreement, citing AMCU lawyer Larry Dave.
 Increased Shipments Ecopetrol is helping finance the dredging and maintenance of the Magdalena and expects to see a 40 percent increase in the 8 million barrels a year it transports along the river, the state-owned company said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 The lender is 34 percent owned by an employee fund, with another 34 percent belonging Kazakhstan’s Samruk-Kazyna JSC and its BTA Bank JSC unit.
 Pro-Russian rebels downed a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine, killing 13 troops and a general.
 in New York, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 sold coverage to clients with ties to Cuba, a nation sanctioned by the US, when the insurer was owned by American taxpayers after its 2008 bailout.
 While its repurchase program lets it acquire shares once owned by AT&T once they’re in the open market, America Movil has no plans to buy any significant portion of AT&T’s stake, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 Its predecessor, Southwestern Bell Corp, helped back Slim’s privatization of Mexico’s state-owned phone company in 1990.
 America Movil does have a marketing partnership with Dish Mexico, a satellite service co-owned by Mexico’s MVS Comunicaciones SA and by EchoStar Corp, the sister company of DirecTV’s US.
 The companies compete against Grupo Televisa SAB, whose satellite-TV unit, Sky Mexico, is 41 percent owned by DirecTV.
May 13 (Bloomberg) -- Guangdong Rising Assets Management Co, a state-owned Chinese investment group, offered to take control of PanAust Ltd.
 China Minmetals Corp, the state-owned metals trader, led a group that agreed last month to pay $585 billion for Glencore’s Las Bambas copper project in Peru as China seeks greater control over material supplies.
 Bullish calls betting on a 24 percent increase from yesterday’s close were the most owned, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 I am looking towards the next goal, next dream” His company had net income of 527 billion yen in the 12 months to March 31, compared with NTT Docomo’s 465 billion yen, the first time for it to surpass the former state-owned carrier.
 In March, seven people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News that banks were still walled off from their customers on venues owned by interdealer brokers.
 In November, he warned SEFs owned by interdealer brokers that they must ensure everyone could use their systems.
 Hermes, the French maker of Birkin bags that’s part-owned by LVMH, also rose 14 percent to place second at $218 billion.
 “It’s also pretty likely that there will be losers and collateral damage during the process of making him the chairman” One clue may be Hyundai Glovis, a logistic services provider already 32 percent owned by Chung Eui Sun.
 ESpeed competitor BrokerTec, owned by ICAP Plc, said in a 2012 statement that it had reduced the average time it takes to execute a trade to less than 200 microseconds from 10,000 microseconds.
 State-owned Zambia Railways this month began a trial route to Mozambique’s Nacala port through Malawi, the Zambia Daily Mail said May 9.
 Yesterday’s deal will make the Hangzhou, China-based company the second-largest investor in Singapore’s former state-owned mail service after Singapore Telecommunications Ltd, SingPost Chief Executive Officer Wolfgang Baier said.
 A+E Networks, owned by Walt Disney Co.
 Allen’s Rothko A Mark Rothko painting owned by Microsoft Corp.
 of Dubai, the emirate’s main state-owned holding company, may sell a dollar bond after picking banks including Citigroup Inc.
 Kenya’s Treasury holds a 25 percent stake in the company, while the state-owned National Social Security Fund has 27 percent.
 “We continue to favor it over state-owned Rosneft and Gazprom.
May 9 (Bloomberg) -- Kyrgyzaltyn JSC, Kyrgyzstan’s state-owned mining company, said it’s disappointed that Canada’s Centerra Gold Inc.
 The move came after ABN Amro Group NV, the Dutch state-owned bank, said it would cut about 100 jobs as it exits equity derivatives and shuts its Asian markets business.
 It has more than 34,000 megawatts of power generating capacity owned or under contract.
 Buffett said Shaw Industries, a carpet maker owned by Berkshire, is one unit that’s finding it difficult to sustain expansion.
 The company, 80 percent owned by the UK.
 Mubadala, the Abu Dhabi government-owned investment company that owns 14 percent of Tabreed, will convert about 134 million dirhams ($365 million) of bonds into shares at 16856 dirhams each, the provider of cooling systems said today in a statement on the Dubai stock market website.
 The Treasury Department defines them as people and companies owned, controlled by, or acting on behalf of targeted countries, as well as individuals, groups, and entities such as terrorists and drug traffickers.
 Sotheby’s received permission in September 2012 to establish a joint-venture auction house with state-owned Beijing Gehua Cultural Development Group.
 Michael Lewis’s “Flash Boys,” released in March, said bank-owned dark pools serve as a key intersection between high-frequency traders and brokers’ investor clients.
 “Aiming to preserve the activities of the CCB bank group and its rehabilitation,” officials “will take actions to increase its capital,” using funds from the state-owned Bulgarian Bank for Development and Deposit Guarantee Fund, the central bank said yesterday.
 Shareholders include Bromak EOOD, owned by Vassilev, which holds a 507 percent stake in Corporate Commercial.
 The situation is grim and quite serious” Ramatlhodi withdrew as leader of negotiations to end the labor action that’s halted most local operations owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
June 19 (Bloomberg) -- A utility owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The carrier is seeking changes including prohibiting the bank from financing sales of the wide-body jets to airlines that are owned by foreign governments, more transparency in its financing arrangements and a renewed commitment by the Treasury Department on the talks to end the subsidies.
 The Holding Company of the Villages Ltd, owned by Morse and his family, has sold more than 50,000 new homes since 1986, generating $99 billion in revenue, according to disclosures in municipal-bond filings.
 “You basically have a city of 100,000 people, owned by a company” Gary Lester, a spokesman for The Villages, did not return calls seeking comment.
 and Nova Kreditna Banka Maribor dd, both state-owned, are among 12 Slovenian investors to sell 53 percent in an accord set to close tomorrow, Pivovarna Lasko dd, the Ljubljana-based company’s largest investor, also state-run, said in a statement.
 Tradeweb is owned by Thomson Reuters Corp, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup Inc, Bank of America Corp, Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, UBS AG, Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and Barclays Plc.
 Irvine, California-based CrowdStrike was founded by Kurtz, former chief technical officer at Intel Corp’s McAfee division, Dmitri Alperovitch, former vice president of Threat Research at McAfee, and Gregg Marston, former chief financial officer at Foundstone, a computer security company now owned by McAfee.
 ACME Solar Energy Pvt, which is part-owned by Electricite de France SA’s renewables unit, was one of the biggest winners in a national solar auction, taking at least 80 megawatts, according to results announced in February.
 The deal would have PPL spinning out PPL Energy Supply LLC to shareholders and then merging it with a smaller group of Riverstone-owned power facilities in Texas and New Jersey, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is not public.
 The act will effectively renege a guarantee for those bonds given by the province of Carinthia, implying that a fully state-owned bank chooses not to pay some of its debt.
 State-owned bad bank KA Finanz AG, Oberoesterreichische Landesbank AG and Hypo NOE Gruppe Bank AG were also put under review.
 Ueberseequartier is owned by Utrecht-based bad bank Propertize BV and Frankfurt-based developer Gross & Partner Grundstuecksentwicklungsgesellschaft mbH.
 The 238-room Ritz-Carlton, the hotel brand owned by the Marriott, will operate in one of the two towers in the project.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest taxpayer owned bank, has given “unacceptable” returns to shareholders, Chief Executive Officer Ross McEwan said.
 He cited the company’s latest redesign of Fortunecom, which was recently split off from CNNMoneycom, the finance site owned by Time Warner that was a major source of Web traffic for the publisher.
 said it approved a new 38 billion-rand ($357 million) South African mine that will produce coal for export and to supply one of the state-owned power utility’s plants.
 The Securities and Exchange Commission should update its capital rules for large broker-dealers such as those owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 “Today seemed more like mobilization” Growth Issues Gross domestic product contracted 06 percent in the three months through March as the mineworkers strike shut shafts owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Lonmin Plc and Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 “There are no reasons for panic” The banking system is 85 percent-owned by foreign lenders, including UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 The insurer, which is majority-owned by a fund managed by Apollo, also plans to buy at least some of AmeriHome’s loans that aren’t eligible for government-backed programs, known as non-agency debt, they said.
 Borgata, Bwin’s casino partner in online betting in New Jersey, is owned by Boyd Gaming Corp.
 regulators in which it owned up to colluding with UBS traders and was fined $88 million.
 Norway’s government, including state-owned oil firm Petoro AS, has voiced concern about delays and cancellations of time-critical projects designed to increase recovery at producing fields.
 The agency should update its capital rules for large broker-dealers such as those owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 in Tianjin, said the hope is that the local government will help fill buildings, possibly with anchor tenants such as state-owned enterprises.
 The orders worth 13 million euros ($18 million) are from the state-owned Suez Canal Authority, Wabag said.
 “State-owned enterprises are going to choose Chinese hardware companies over the foreign ones.
 “It will pose more challenges to the foreign companies to enter or develop their business in the government and state-owned enterprise segments” Server Reviews China’s government said last month it will vet technology companies operating in the country, and the Financial Times reported May 25 that China ordered state-owned companies to cut ties with US.
 Separately today, IBM said it was doing cloud-computing work for the state-owned Shanghai Airport Authority, which shows it’s a “trusted partner” in China.
 The money approved today is part of a court-mediated agreement to raise $816 million from the state, foundations and Detroit’s art museum to reduce benefit cuts to pensioners and protect city-owned masterpieces from sale to pay creditors.
 when it was owned by AIG, is now CEO at Aviva Plc.
 The victims were working on the Ayatsil-C platform being built for state-owned oil producer Petroleos Mexicanos, ICA said.
June 5 (Bloomberg) -- ReNew Power Ventures Pvt, majority owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has agreed to buy 101 megawatts of wind turbines from Suzlon Energy Ltd.
 The finance ministry is forcing state-owned enterprises to cut liabilities, mandating the average debt-to-equity ratio at 51 public companies must be 200 percent by 2017 from 220 percent at the end of 2012.
 Won bond sales by state-owned companies have slumped 39 percent this year to 24 trillion won, Korea Financial Investment Association data show.
 Global Trend “With shrinking debt sales from state-owned enterprises, insurers and pension funds are looking for bonds that can replace them,” said Kim Hong Joong, the head of fixed-income at Samsung Asset Management Co, the country’s biggest money manager with some 128 trillion won in assets.
 Bacon (1909-1992) was crowned the most expensive artist at auction in November, when his triptych of Lucian Freud fetched $1424 million at Christie’s in New York.
 on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ABY” Abengoa Yield will be 711 percent-owned by Seville-based Abengoa once it’s public and plans to offer a 2592 cent-a-share quarterly dividend, or about 4 percent a year if sold at the mid-range.
 The warships are being built by DCNS SA, a state-controlled shipbuilder 35 percent owned by Thales SA.
 The stake in Hapag-Lloyd AG owned by TUI AG would be held as a business for disposal, resulting in the group becoming a pure-play integrated leisure and tourism business.
 Seattle-based Medio, which was founded in 2004 and has about 70 workers, is owned by Accel Partners, Frazier Technology Ventures, Mohr Davidow Ventures and Trilogy Equity Partners.
 “With an increasingly number of senior officials (tigers) being arrested, the anti-corruption campaign has dealt a blow to fixed-asset investment growth due to government officials and state-owned enterprises’ executives’ inaction either because they are in fear of corruption charges or because they are not financially motivated,” Lu wrote.
 Becoming a more mainstream brand or being owned by one could turn off customers that flock to Annie’s for its unique qualities as a maker of natural and organic snacks, pastas and frozen foods, according to Zeuli, whose firm is long call options on the stock.
June 17 (Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group LLC, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, said net trading revenue dropped in the fiscal second quarter as institutional investors continued to shy away from stocks and bonds.
 The court gave six months to the state to dispose all applications for renewing permits and asked it to first process the applications for mines owned by steelmakers.
 State-owned Steel Authority, the biggest importer, uses the shipments to meet 70 percent of its needs.
 “We continue to believe the case is meritless and baseless, but ultimately determined that it was best for our investors and our firm to put this matter behind us in light of the costs and distraction of six years of litigation” Freescale Deal Kirk Dahl, the lead plaintiff in the case, said he and others in the proposed class of investors owned shares in Freescale in 2006 when the chipmaker announced a buyout by firms including Carlyle and Blackstone for $176 billion.
 Insurance companies held 25 percent of Taiwan’s government debt as of May 31 and banks owned 48 percent, according to central bank data.
 The central bank said it will use cash from the Bulgarian Development Bank and the Deposit Guarantee Fund, both state-owned, to recapitalize Corporate Bank.
 The banking system is 70 percent-owned by foreign lenders, including UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 Chrysler is owned by Fiat SpA.
 Central bank Governor Ivan Iskrov said in a radio interview today that First Investment has been targeted amid “an attempt to destabilize the state through an organized attack against Bulgarian banks in the past days” The comments come a week after the regulator seized Corporate Commercial Bank AD, which is part-owned by Russia’s VTB Group, after the bank ran out of funds following reports that a major depositor withdrew cash.
 “If the population loses confidence in the whole banking sector all banks apart from some foreign-owned banks could run out of cash soon,” Lutz Roehmeyer, a money manager overseeing $11 billion at LBB Invest in Berlin, including Bulgarian government bonds, said by e-mail.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- The Micex Index fell from an eight-month high as insurgents downed a Ukrainian helicopter, violating a cease-fire and rekindling concern new sanctions will be imposed.
 Prior to the takeover, Oceanografia had 69 ships that aided state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos in offshore oil production, including drilling rigs and tugboats, and employed more than 11,000 people.
 Supper Text After Cameron complained to Rebekah Brooks about a story in the News Corp-owned Times newspaper in 2009, Brooks sent him a text message that said, “Let’s discuss over country supper soon” The message was made public when Cameron testified at the press ethics inquiry overseen by UK.
 The two most-owned Whole Foods options contracts are betting the company’s stock will rise.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates NBD PJSC’s Dnata in April, in the US.
 Level 3’s largest shareholder -- STT Crossing Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Singapore Technologies Telemedia Pte Ltd.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- LGT Group, the bank owned by the family of the prince of Liechtenstein, agreed to buy more than 10 billion Swiss francs ($112 billion) of client assets from HSBC Holdings Plc’s Swiss private bank.
 is the state-owned electricity utility while Transnet SOC Ltd.
 Airplane Rental Magnum Hunter also paid $166,000 in 2013 to rent an airplane from Pilatus Hunter LLC, a company wholly owned by Evans, according to Magnum Hunter’s annual report.
 The company went private nine years ago in a $422 million deal backed by Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company, along with OSIM International Ltd.
 It feels like the calm before the storm” The S&P 500 and the Dow advanced earlier as data showed the number of contracts to purchase previously owned US.
 “This requires a stronger focus on preparing technology with better access to product and services through a broader selection of partners” The company, 49 percent owned by Siemens and 51 percent by Los Angeles-based Gores, is scaling back on development jobs six months after re-branding itself from Siemens Enterprise Communications while bringing out the product, Project Ansible.
 Evraz Plc, the Russian mining and metals company part-owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, is studying the option of listing in Moscow, the company said in an e-mail.
 Charney, who already owned 272 percent of the troubled retailer, yesterday entered into a loan agreement with Standard General LP to help increase his stake as he contests his firing.
 Under the plan, Charney doesn’t beneficially own any of the American Apparel stock owned by Standard General “solely by reason of the letter agreement dated June 25,” the company said.
 Coupled with the proposed metal strike, the impact can be devastating on the economy” While the strike at platinum shafts owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- Al Hilal Bank PJSC, an Islamic lender owned by the Abu Dhabi government, raised $500 million from the sale of perpetual bonds as it seeks funds to boost capital, according to two people familiar with the matter.
 Aramark, the food-service provider that debuted in December, was owned partially by JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs, both of which served as lead advisers for Aramark’s IPO.
 Paracel Islands Cnooc’s state-owned parent China National Offshore Oil Corp.
 A March agreement between Botswana and Namibia established a jointly owned company to administer the development of the $15 billion railway line by private investors.
 Emerging Markets China Mobile’s state-owned parent first expanded outside its home market by acquiring control of Millicom International Cellular SA’s Pakistan unit in 2007 for $284 million.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Babson Capital Management LLC, the investment firm owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co, raised $917 million for its first US.
June 30 (Bloomberg) -- European stocks were little changed, with the Stoxx Europe 600 Index capping its fourth straight quarterly gain, as contracts to buy previously owned US.
 Sending a team to London is part of the Central Bureau of Investigation’s probe into state-owned Indian Airlines Ltd’s 2006 purchase of 43 single-aisle planes from Toulouse, France-based Airbus.
 Chevron holds 364 percent of the project, with state-owned Sonangol EP owning 228 percent.
 Brickman Deal KKR & Co-owned Brickman Group Ltd.
 The company, owned by Oak Hill Capital Partners LP, Cinven Ltd, and CVC Capital Partners Ltd, is the latest jet lessor to explore strategic options amid strong demand for fuel-efficient aircraft.
 ZTE said this month it asked China’s State Intellectual Property Office to review 32 patents owned by Vringo and its subsidiaries.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- The Ibovespa fell to the lowest level in more than two weeks as Banco Bradesco SA paced losses in financial stocks amid speculation that tougher competition from state-owned banks will hurt the industry’s earnings.
 “The BNDES capital injection signals that the government will continue to rely on state-owned banks to expand credit at low rates, and this is weighing on the sector’s shares today,” Pedro Galdi, the chief analyst at brokerage firm SLW Corretora, said by phone from Sao Paulo.
 “Their business provides complementary revenue growth opportunities” Both companies previously were owned by Sara Lee Corp, which sold DBApparel to Sun Capital in 2006 and spun off Hanes.
 ACP Re is owned by a trust established by AmTrust Financial Services Inc’s founder, according to a statement in January when the deal was announced.
 The pace of housing construction exceeded expectations last month, the government-owned housing agency said today.
 Acquiring Dollar Thrifty expanded their fleet of owned cars, which requires a higher degree of expertise and management, Keller said.
 in New York, the highest intraday level since May 15, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 In the FHFA settlement, Bank of America agreed to pay $63 billion in cash to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to resolve lawsuits alleging it misrepresented loans packaged into bonds that were bought by the US-owned mortgage firms.
 The lender, 25 percent owned by the British taxpayer, has until the end of 2015 to dispose of TSB.
 John Lewis, which also runs Waitrose supermarkets, has been employee-owned since 1929.
 have “been resistant to Tesla’s model because once the factory comes in and starts to sell direct, like Tesla is trying to do, that’s going to make it more challenging to maintain their foothold and protect their margins” Rules against manufacturer-owned stores could slow Tesla co-founder Elon Musk’s plan for his company to become more than just a niche maker of battery-powered luxury cars.
 Speaking to a panel of journalists on last night’s show, Neves said he would have to study the impact of altering regulated prices on companies such as state-owned oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
 General de Combustibles, orCGC, owned by Argentina’s richest billionaire Eduardo Eurnekian.
 New-home sales account for about 7 percent of the residential market and are tabulated when contracts are signed, making them a timelier barometer than purchases of previously owned dwellings.
 Telefonica is awaiting a final decision by Milan-based Mediaset, owned by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, on whether to sell the stake, the people said.
 Romania has been selling stakes in state-owned companies to cover its budget deficit and reduce government influence in the economy.
 Hobby Lobby The suit was brought by Hobby Lobby, a nationwide chain of 600 craft stores with at least 15,000 full-time employees based in Oklahoma City, and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp, an East Earl, Pennsylvania-based company owned by a Mennonite family.
 ‘Too Far’ “Even people who are 100 percent behind the Affordable Care Act and think it’s a great thing felt that requiring birth control mandates of religious organizations, whether for-profit or not-for-profit and owned by individuals with religious opinions, may have been a step too far,” she said in a telephone interview.
 power producer owned by investors, the companies said.
 Energy Mix Merging the Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas and Massachusetts power plants owned by Riverstone with the 9,995 megawatts of capacity that PPL is carving out will create a business that derives 40 percent of its electricity from coal, 40 percent from gas and 15 percent from nuclear.
 and EU allies say Russia is fueling conflict in the nation by allowing weapons, including tanks and anti-aircraft missiles like the one that downed a military plane June 14, killing 49 soldiers, to flow to rebels into Ukraine across its border.
 Elbit and state-owned IAI are profiting from Brazil’s defense strategy, announced in 2008, to shift capabilities away from conventional warfare to surveillance and protection of infrastructure and natural resources, particularly in the Amazon and offshore regions.
 “For the French government, it ensures Alstom can become a stronger participant in the global transit rail market” While the nuclear venture would also be equally owned, the French state would hold a preferred share to protect the sovereign nature of the country’s nuclear power industry.
June 3 (Bloomberg) -- Pilgrim’s Pride Corp, the chicken producer 75 percent owned by Brazil’s JBS SA, plans to raise its bid for Hillshire Brands Co.
 home loan in 13 months, while Cardiff-based Principality Building Society, the biggest customer-owned lender in Wales, sold 475 million pounds of mortgage-backed notes.
 Australians owned 373 percent of NAB, saddled with a UK.
 shareholders owned 27 percent of the three companies on average, the data show.
 The potential acquisition by Olayan, one of the kingdom’s most prominent family owned firms and Credit Suisse Group AG’s largest shareholder, could be worth about 500 million riyals ($133 million), the people said, asking not to be identified as the information is private.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil exploration company, jumped 11 percent.
 BYD Co, the Chinese automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, rose for a fifth day in Hong Kong after Deutsche Bank AG raised its rating on the stock.
 Huawei’s Italian customers include phone company Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA, owned by Russia’s VimpelCom Ltd.
 Hyundai Merchant owned 477 percent of Hyundai Logistics at the end of March and Hyundai Global Co.
 “This was unacceptable” Yorkshire Building Society, Britain’s second-largest customer-owned lender with about 35 million members, apologized to customers.
 Cowed by capricious commodity prices, political instability and a string of lost investments, Chinese financiers aren’t as gutsy as when state-owned giants used their heaps of cash to propel the nation’s “Go Out” drive and whip up business abroad 15 years ago.
 Smaller private companies are taking the lead from the state-owned giants that prepared the ground.
 The plan would increase registration of proprietary traders and disclosure by brokers and dark pools -- broker-owned venues that compete with traditional exchanges but keep orders hidden until they’re completed.
 The helicopter, a modified version of the Black Hawk, is intended to rescue pilots downed during missions.
 “Since 1943, Sikorsky has proudly provided the combat rescue helicopter platform to enable the Air Force to perform one of its most important and sacred missions -- bringing our downed service members home safely,” Sikorsky President Mick Maurer said in a statement.
 Japan Bank for International Cooperation, a state-owned lender, announced in April that it was considering selling its first Islamic bonds this year to fund a project in Malaysia.
 First Gulf Bank, owned by Abu Dhabi’s ruling family, also raised 47 billion yen ($46 million) in September from the sale of three-year notes that pay a coupon of 1 percent.
 sanctions is fueling speculation that France’s largest bank will seek to exit BancWest, which the Paris-based company has owned since 2001.
 He says the financing authority’s bond, which follows on the heels of the first bond sold by a wholly First Nations-owned corporation late last year, is a signal to the rest of Canada that aboriginals are becoming players in all levels of the economy.
 State-owned miner NMDC Ltd.
June 12 (Bloomberg) -- Denizbank AS, the Turkish lender owned by Russia’s OAO Sberbank, expects to increase external borrowing above its 2014 target of 172 billion liras ($82 billion) as investor confidence in the country returns.
 The rights to the book are owned by the Free State of Bavaria, which has barred its publication in Germany since the end of World War II, according to UPI.
 “It’s not the traditional hard sell as at a dealer” The carmaker, owned by Stuttgart, Germany-based Daimler AG, has yet to decide which of the existing urban-center outlets will be converted to Mercedes Me shops, spokeswoman Ulrike Bless said.
 The Bellevue, Washington-based carrier is majority owned by Deutsche Telekom AG.
June 8 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Hollandi Bank, which is about 40 percent owned by ABN Amro Holding NV, said it expects to boost hiring in Saudi Arabia as it opens more branches.
 Last month, similarly owned Abdul Mohsen Al-Hokair Group and Al Hammadi Co.
 The probe focused on the non-profit Noos Institute that Urdangarin headed, which received public funds, and Aizoon SL, a shell company he owned equally with his wife that received money from Noos, according to court documents.
June 4 (Bloomberg) -- First Wind Holdings Inc, a Boston-based renewable-energy developer, has agreed to sell power from seven Utah solar farms to a utility owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 Sales of new and previously owned homes rose inMay, reports showed earlier this week.
 is exploring a bid for stakes in ASR Nederland NV and Reaal NV, according to two people with knowledge of the matter, reviving an attempt to invest in state-owned Dutch financial companies.
 private-equity firm is considering buying a stake in ASR, which has been government-owned since 2008, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private and no final decision has been made.
 Chen’s comments underline how China’s state-owned automakers have lagged behind in developing their own brands even as they earn the bulk of the profits through their manufacturing joint ventures with foreign carmakers.
 AA, owned by Charterhouse Capital Partners LLP, CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 Acromas Holdings Ltd, owned by the private-equity firms, will retain 31 percent of the company after the sale to the investor group and plans to sell that to other buyers at the same valuation.
 Abu Dhabi’s state-owned Aabar Investments PJSC on June 11 confirmed that it reduced its stake to 1885 percent from 2157 percent.
 Mitsubishi-Hitachi Metals Machinery Inc, a company majority-owned by Mitsubishi Heavy, will form the venture with Siemens’s metals technologies division in January 2015.
June 17 (Bloomberg) -- Future investors in Spain’s state-owned airport operator Aena Aeropuertos SA may find themselves in the middle of tensions with the country’s regions as local leaders seek a say in management.
 Factory Purchase Acquiring a plant outside China may help Suntech, which is owned by Hong Kong’s Shunfeng Photovoltaic International Ltd, circumvent US.
 The policyholder-owned company has an AA+ credit rating at S&P, the second-highest of 10 investment grade scores.
 Nationwide, the UK’s biggest customer-owned lender, Yorkshire Building Society and Co-Operative Bank Plc said they don’t plan to introduce caps on mortgage lending, either.
 Agency Model Random House, owned by German media conglomerate Bertelsmann SE, wasn’t part of the suit and had been operating under a different arrangement with Amazon.
 There were about $157 billion of CLOs that owned bonds as of June 1, according to Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc data, and the Federal Reserve said it will give the funds until July 2017 to comply.
 AIB’s Duffy said last month that he doesn’t expect the bank, 998 percent state-owned, to need further capital.
 The fund said in February it planned to double its investment staff and seeks to emulate Temasek Holdings Pte, the Singapore state-owned investment firm with about 70 percent of its holdings overseas.
 The largest SEFs by volume of transactions include ones owned by ICAP Plc, Tullett Prebon Plc, Cie.
 The studio, owned by Viacom Inc, doesn’t expect the release to be held up, according to a person with knowledge of the matter who asked not to be named because of efforts to settle the dispute.
 BYD Co, the automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, rose 43 percent in Hong Kong.
 Sichuan Swellfun Co, part-owned by Diageo Plc, jumped by the daily limit.
 A new analysis by the Federal Housing Finance Agency shows that many borrowers remain who could save as much as $3,000 a year through the Home Affordable Refinancing Program, which allows homeowners with mortgages backed by the two government-owned companies to cut their monthly payments by obtaining a lower interest rate.
 The bank is owned by Irish taxpayers after a 21-billion euro bailout.
 Last year, the UK’s Lancashire County Pension Fund invested 12 million pounds in a bond for a community-owned solar park and Aviva Plc bought the photovoltaic installations on 4,000 UK.
 The Treasury Department defines them as people and companies owned, controlled by, or acting on behalf of targeted countries, as well as individuals, groups, and entities such as terrorists and drug traffickers.
 Superchargers, owned and built by the company, allow Tesla car owners to replenish their battery life as much as 16 times faster than at public charging stations and for free.
 Funds from Repsol can be used in better ways by Pemex, though the state-owned oil producer has still to decide what to do with them, CEO Lozoya said today.
 Vi Holding is owned by entrepreneur Vitaliy Machitski, chairman at aluminum producer Vimetco NV.
 BP Plc and Citgo, the Houston-based unit of Venezuela’s state-owned Petroleos de Venezuela SA, also were named in two complaints made public today in state court that seek damages for costs to clean up groundwater tainted by Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether, or MTBE.
 That makes it the second-largest shareholder in Latin America’s biggest non-state-owned oil producer, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
June 17 (Bloomberg) -- Wind Mobile needs to acquire more mobile-phone spectrum, including airwaves owned by other companies, to take on Canada’s three major wireless carriers, Chief Executive Officer Anthony Lacavera said.
 Mineral Resources bought the stake to get a seat at the table in the development of the project, jointly owned by AMCI Inc.
 “They didn’t have any better thoroughbred blood than he does” International Interest For California Chrome’s value to hit $30 million, top international operations such as Coolmore Stud in Ireland, or Darley Stud, owned by Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, will have to show interest, Squires said.
 Last month’s violent protests following China’s placement of an oil rig in disputed waters halted production at foreign-owned factories and caused Chinese workers to flee.
 Wynn Macau Ltd, a resort owned by the Las Vegas-based company and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, was downgraded to hold from buy at Deutsche Bank by equity analyst Karen Tang.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Resources Holdings Ltd, the commodities trader controlled by China’s largest state-owned investment company, said it’s missing more than half its alumina stored at Qingdao Port amid a probe into lending.
 “Aiming to preserve the activities of the CCB bank group and its rehabilitation,” officials “will take actions to increase its capital” using funds from the state-owned Bulgarian Bank for Development and Deposit Guarantee Fund, the central bank said.
 State-controlled lenders, which account for more than 70 percent of India’s outstanding loans, have historically been less capitalized than privately owned peers as a 51 percent government ownership requirement limits their scope to sell shares.
 One of the stakeholders is Geni Holding Co, part-owned by Isabel dos Santos, 41.
 It said at the time it owned $25 million of the securities as a result of open-market purchases.
 Two Latisse patents owned by Allergan and Duke University are invalid, the US.
 are among 36 state-owned companies that may need to sell about $11 billion of shares after the stock market regulator raised the minimum public holding in government entities.
 30 against the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union, the minority labor representative at mines owned by AngloGold, Sibanye Gold Ltd.
 Shares of YPF SA, Argentina’s state-owned energy producer, slumped as NML Capital expanded its probe of seizeable assets following the court’s ruling.
 MegaFon, controlled by Russia’s richest man Alisher Usmanov and part-owned by TeliaSonera AB, will use a credit line from China Development Bank to fund the purchases.
June 26 (Bloomberg) -- AGL Energy Ltd, Australia’s second-largest electricity retailer, said the competition tribunal’s decision to allow its A$151 billion ($142 billion) purchase of state-owned power plants should spur further asset sales.
June 27 (Bloomberg) -- The European Central Bank updated the list of banks it considers significant enough to supervise, trimming the total and adding two Russian-owned lenders and a unit of Barclays Plc.
 Barclays Italy, owned by its UK-based namesake, operates in the country through 125 branches and is focused on retail and private banking, and on financial advisory services, according to its website.
 Anadarko, which owned a 25 percent interest in the well, is facing a maximum penalty of $46 billion.
June 20 (Bloomberg) -- Vontobel Holding AG, an investment bank and asset manager based in Switzerland, plans to buy back a 125 percent stake owned by Swiss Raiffeisen amid legal wrangling concerning a cooperation agreement.
 Vontobel, majority owned by a shareholder pool including the founding family with the same name, fell 05 percent to 3090 Swiss francs at 12:16 pm.
 said profit rose to a record after South Africa’s state-owned port and rail operator boosted capacity to haul commodities and general goods.
 “It’s attractively priced, the market is positive and that gave them the mandate to be more aggressive with pricing” Emaar Malls, owned by Emaar Properties PJSC, the developer of the world’s tallest skyscraper in Dubai, has the second-lowest investment grade rating from Moody’s Investors Service.
 Tesla, the electric-car company owned by billionaire Elon Musk, has soared 16 percent since May 19.
 in a deal investors claimed was engineered solely to benefit Ellison, who owned 55 percent of the data-storage systems provider.
 won a contract with China’s state-owned Shanghai Airport Authority to use cloud computing to help move traffic more efficiently.
 Separatists downed an Mi-8 chopper in the eastern city of Slovyansk, killing all nine people on board and have violated the truce 44 times in the past three days, Defense Ministry spokesman Vladyslav Seleznyov said on his Facebook account late yesterday.
 and EU allies say Russia is fueling the conflict by allowing weapons including tanks and anti-aircraft missiles -- like the one that downed a military plane June 14, killing 49 soldiers -- to flow to rebels into Ukraine across its border.
 Wightlink owner MEIF Shipping Ltd, owned by a fund controlled by Macquarie Group Ltd, has been hit by the 2008 financial crisis, rising fuel prices and bad weather during summer months.
 The real estate developer owned the Dodgers from 2004 to 2012, when the club was sold following almost a year in bankruptcy.
 Analysts estimated a 05 percent gain, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 The chain has said it may seek to franchise, or sell, 1,500 company-owned stores by 2016, mostly in Europe and its Asia Pacific, Africa and Middle East region.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- Australia’s competition tribunal cleared AGL Energy Ltd’s A$151 billion ($141 billion) deal to acquire government-owned power plants in the nation’s most populous state, overturning a regulator’s decision.
 Putin to meet his end of the commitments and deliver on the pledge to actually work with your government” Pro-Russian separatist leaders denounced Poroshenko, with Alexander Boroday, leader of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic, saying he’s the “president of another country,” according to the Russian state-owned RIA Novosti news service.
 Vanguard is owned by its funds, allowing it to charge lower fees and attract individual investors.
 Watt, the agency’s director, to re-examine policies set by his predecessor that were aimed at shrinking the footprint of the two government-owned companies.
 The holding company will be a repository of government equity in all state-owned banks, said the official, who wasn’t authorized to speak publicly.
June 27 (Bloomberg) -- Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd’s tax dispute with Mongolia shouldn’t derail $4 billion of project financing to expand the Oyu Tolgoi copper mine part owned by Rio Tinto Group, a local director at the resource’s operator said.
 Palladium stockpiles at Gokhran, the state-owned depository for precious metals, probably are exhausted and no longer affecting the market, Berlin said in September.
 Underground Employees More than 70,000 workers have walked off the job at mines owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 “The initial ones did have some difficulty of engineering, in terms of service, but I think they have all been upgraded now” Boeing said in February that Air India wasn’t happy with the reliability of the aircraft and the planemaker was upgrading software and changing components on some planes owned by the flag carrier whenever they could be taken out of service.
 Home Sales Previously owned US.
 The mine is where the world’s largest diamond was discovered 109 years ago and is renowned for the blue stones sold at a premium.
 None of the cities currently has an Apple-owned store.
 His decision in 2012 to bar state-owned enterprises from taking control of oil-sands businesses was consistent with polling at the time that found Albertans opposed full ownership by Chinese state-owned firms.
 The state-owned power utility, Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, is offering a 43 percent raise in separate talks, the union said in a statement.
 “You can shut down these dark pools and just new forms will arise somewhere else” Brokers and mutual funds disconnected last week from one of the private trading platforms, owned by Barclays Plc, after New York’s attorney general said the London-based bank lied to customers and masked high-frequency traders in its LX dark pool.
June 6 (Bloomberg) -- Two West Virginia coal-mining units owned by Alpha Natural Resources Inc.
 “Today, we’re very focused on our current development programs: the 777X, the 737 Max and the 787-10” Air Astana, which is 49 percent owned by UK.
 Air Astana -- which is 51 percent owned by Kazakhstan’s sovereign wealth fund -- plans to hold further talks with the Brazilian company at the Farnborough Air Show in July, where it could commit to a purchase, he said.
 Volozh owned 107 percent of Yandex as of March 31, controlling the majority of voting rights with Baring Vostok.
 Katz, a lawyer and businessman who through the years owned the New Jersey Nets basketball team, New Jersey Devils hockey team and ran a billboard company and parking-lot operator, won control of the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper and its sister publication at a court-ordered auction four days before the crash.
 State-owned Budejovicky Budvar, the maker of the Czech version of Budweiser, exported 763,000 hectoliters abroad in 2013, a record in its 118-year history, and added seven new countries including Turkmenistan, Peru and Singapore to its 65 markets, spokesman Petr Samec said.
 “Smaller funds are having a tougher time raising money” Small Base Panorama investors can choose among three types of private deals: loans to mid-sized companies, purchases of family-owned businesses or stakes in technology firms poised to go public.
 The new firm made its first investments this year, in four technology companies, and is closing three deals in family-owned businesses, George said.
 George said Panorama has an advantage over larger buyout firms because it won’t compete for large or public investments, instead using its Midwest location to find family-owned businesses that seek long-term owners.
 Banamex agreed to make the loans secured by promises the bank would be repaid by Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil company for which Oceanografia was doing work.
 Tyson outbid Pilgrim’s, the chicken producer 75 percent owned by Brazil’s JBS SA, which had the high offer previously at $55 a share -- about $67 billion.
 The four most-owned Amazon options contracts are betting the company’s stock will rise.
 Norges Bank will acquire 9 percent of all Gecina shares, Credit Agricole Assurances will buy 47 percent, a jointly owned affiliate of Blackstone and Ivanhoe Cambridge Inc.
 The jointly owned Blackstone-Ivanhoe affiliate already owns 23 percent of Gecina and will sell shares as needed to avoid holding 30 percent of the stock, New York-based Blackstone said in a separate statement.
 The capacity of the plant, which is run by state-owned Zimbabwe Power Co, is 920 megawatts now.
 The term sheet has sections redacted, including the name of a third party that is “contemplating” purchase of all shares owned by Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd.
 Vancouver-based Turquoise Hill holds 56 percent of SouthGobi and is itself 51 percent owned by mining giant Rio Tinto Group.
 In 2012, Chinese state-owned Aluminum Corp of China Ltd, also known as Chalco, offered to buy SouthGobi for $926 million.
 The regulations, designed to curb investments from state-owned entities in China, helped push down foreign investment by 52 percent in 2013.
 The UK’s biggest customer-owned lender hired Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc, UBS AG and UniCredit SpA to arrange an issue of the notes in euros, according to a person familiar with the matter.
June 5 (Bloomberg) -- Areva SA’s Namibian unit will sign a 10-year deal this month with a state-run utility to maintain water supplies essential to uranium mines in the country owned by companies including Rio Tinto Group and Paladin Energy Ltd.
 “For the French government, it ensures Alstom can become a stronger participant in the global transit rail market” While the nuclear venture would also be equally owned, the French state would hold a preferred share to protect the sovereign nature of the country’s nuclear power industry.
 The project by Russian state-owned OAO Gazprom will ship gas to western Europe via the Balkans, avoiding Ukraine.
 That’s lower than even Dubai Electricity & Water Authority managed to get when the BBB rated state-owned entity that serves the desert sheikhdom of 226 million people issued $1 billion last year.
June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Americans snapped up previously owned homes in May in the biggest monthly sales gain in almost three years, a sign the residential real estate market is regaining its footing after a stumble early in the year.
 Growing Supply The number of previously owned homes on the market increased 6 percent from a year earlier to 228 million, the most since August 2012.
 She says the family-owned business intends to stay in broadcasting for decades to come.
 Tusk tapped Taras, a 59-year-old ex-miner whose leadership of publicly-traded Lubelski Wegiel Bogdanka SA made it profitable before he left in 2012, to do the same for state-owned rival, Kompania Weglowa SA.
 Built for a potential sale by former Chief Executive Officer James Hackett, a renowned deal maker, the $547 billion company may have outgrown all but a few possible buyers.
 The Jakarta-based company, part owned by Indonesia’s Bakrie family, is seeking to extend the bond’s maturity to July 2021, reduce the annual coupon to 7 percent and change the conversion terms, among other amendments, the bond document shows.
June 2 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, the unprofitable low-fare carrier part-owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, fell the most in almost a month after saying it’s considering a fundraising plan to improve liquidity.
 Mineral Resources has developed a plan for the project, jointly owned by AMCI Inc, and is seeking talks with Aquila’s major shareholders, including Baosteel.
 Test Shipment Husky sent a first test shipment of light oil from its White Rose field off Canada’s East Coast to India late last year and that crude is now certified to be used in all state-owned Indian refineries, Ghosh said.
 State-owned bank Caisse des Depots et Consignations owns 19 percent.
 Client’s Memo Voya Financial Inc, the insurer and asset manager that was previously majority-owned by ING Groep NV, told brokers to cut off the dark pool to protect its investors, according to Dana Ripley, a spokesman for the New York-based company.
 Deliveries of the Mini, owned by Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, have risen 18 percent in China in the first five months of the year, outpacing the 11 percent growth in the overall passenger-vehicle market, according to company and auto association data.
June 6 (Bloomberg) -- Zimbabwe may introduce a levy on foreign and white-owned companies to pay for the training of unemployed black Zimbabweans, Indigenization Minister Francis Nhema said.
 Companies include Eurocement Group, owned by Georgia-born Filaret Galchev and Holcim’s second-largest shareholder, Germany’s HeidelbergCement AG, Ireland’s CRH Plc and Cemex SAB, the biggest cement maker in the Americas, the people said.
 In CTC’s case, it is paying tens of millions of dollars to Video International, a Russian advertising firm part-owned by OAO Bank Rossiya.
 “For the first several years, CTC was entirely owned by Americans, so it was natural for us to register it in the US,” Gerwe said.
 Trained as a physicist, Kovalchuk has owned a home at Putin’s lakeside dacha compound near St.
 Because Telcrest is majority-owned by a sanctioned entity, CTC said on April 30 that it placed into a restricted account a $69 million dividend due to the Rossiya subsidiary.
 firms from doing business with companies that are at least half-owned by people or entities under sanctions, which Video International is not, according to CTC.
 Gennady Timchenko Besides Rossiya and the unknown owners, another 25 percent of Video International is owned by Sogaz Insurance Group.
 Companies should make sure “they’re not dealing with a party that is controlled, even if it’s not owned on paper, by a blocked party,” he said.
 Banet’s grandmother owned and edited culinary magazine Cuisine et Vins de France in the 1950s and 1960s, he said.
 They are not exciting” China’s state-owned companies, which have benefited from cheap credit and monopoly positions for years, face a less comfortable future after Communist Party leaders pledged in November to give market forces a bigger role in the economy.
 Contracts protecting against a default for two years decreased to 607 basis points today, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 His engineering firm is part of Mondragon Corp, the region’s biggest company, which is itself collectively owned and sets limits on how much its bosses can be paid relative to workers.
 The black investor-owned company wants to have as many as 100 staff within three to five years as it expands into the Eastern Cape, Limpopo and North West provinces and the rest of the continent, Nkomo said.
 Infringement Claimed The latest case centered on claims that CLS Bank International, a New York-based provider of financial settlement services, infringed patents owned by Alice Corp.
 Alice, which is partially owned by National Australia Bank Ltd, unsuccessfully argued that the abstract-idea exception to patent eligibility is a narrow one.
 The ruling is a victory for Nautilus, maker of Bowflex exercise equipment, which is seeking to invalidate a patent on a heart-rate monitor owned by Biosig Instruments Inc.
 State owned media published attacks on US.
 The “government owned and commercially operated” unit would be recognized by the UN and constituted by Somaliland law, she said.
June 2 (Bloomberg) -- GVT, the Brazilian broadband provider owned by Vivendi SA, said it would be ready to work with the government to stop competitors from breaking up the country’s second-largest wireless carrier Tim Brasil.
 Comissario Mercantil Telefonica and Oi executives discussed as recently as in April a potential deal to split Tim among Oi, Vivo and Claro, owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, said the people.
 Colonial bonds remained in the form of a pipeline from Malaysia that still supplies about half Singapore’s fresh water and a railway that ran across the island, but was owned by Malaysia until 2011.
 and Temasek Holdings Pte, the state-owned investment companies of Malaysia and Singapore are developing projects including a 210-acre area that will comprise a wellness center, apartments, malls and spas valued at about 3 billion ringgit ($930 million).
 Two Latisse patents owned by Allergan and Duke University are invalid, the US.
 The region is renowned for the quality of the diamonds found there, including the 9698 carat Star of Sierra Leone unearthed in 1972, the third-largest stone ever discovered.
 in a deal investors claimed was engineered solely to benefit Ellison, who owned 55 percent of the data-storage systems provider.
 regulators in which it owned up to colluding with UBS AG traders and was fined $88 million.
 Eight of the 10 most owned contracts on the utility ETF were bearish.
 Philadelphia Inquirer Katz, a lawyer and businessman who through the years owned the New Jersey Nets basketball team, New Jersey Devils hockey team and ran a billboard company and parking-lot operator, won control of the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper and its sister publication at a court-ordered auction four days before the crash.
 “While we expect investor owned utilities, public power, and cooperative utilities to recover these higher costs from end users, the financial strain could result in weaker financial metrics and flexibility and downward rating pressure,” Fitch Ratings said in a statement yesterday.
 Zurich-based Nuance, owned by PAI Partners and Gecos SpA, operates about 360 stores and had sales of 21 billion Swiss francs ($23 billion) last year.
 Alfa is increasing its exposure in Bogota-based Pacific Rubiales, Latin America’s largest non-state-owned oil producer, as Mexico is seeking greater private-sector energy investment after ending a 75-year government monopoly.
 In e-commerce, Casino and Bollore will compete with African businesses boosting their online offerings, including Massmart Holdings Ltd, owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world’s largest retailer.
 is looking for family-owned grocery or pharmacy chains of three to eight outlets outside the capital Manila, President Robina Gokongwei-Pe said in an interview.
 Acquiring established family-owned chains has some advantages as the retailer looks to build scale.
 profits, most expensive in 3 1/2 years; its 14-day RSI at 758; some investors see reading >70 as signal to sell</li></ul> * State-owned NTPC -33%, biggest decline since Feb.
 Bougainville Copper Ltd, 54 percent owned by Rio Tinto, is seeking talks with the island’s autonomous government over its resource tenements and licenses to mine and explore after reviewing the draft legislation, it said today in a statement.
 American Homes 4 Rent, the second-biggest, owned 25,505 single-family houses as of March 31, with an estimated book value of $43 billion.
 The probe may affect metals stockpiles at the northeastern port held by Citic Resources Holdings Ltd, the trader controlled by China’s largest state-owned company said.
June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Purchases of previously owned US.
 The number of previously owned homes on the market increased 6 percent from a year earlier to 228 million.
 Issuance Collapse The New York-based company is partly owned by certain principals of Premium Point, the hedge fund run by former Deutsche Bank AG banker Neil Ahuja, and shares resources, employees and offices with that firm, according to a report by Kroll Bond Rating Agency, which joined Standard & Poor’s and DBRS Ltd.
 Ransa is owned by the Romero family, which also controls Alicorp SAA, Peru’s largest consumer goods company.
 State-owned Sinopec approved a plan in February to seek private investors for its retail operations.
 Alco, an employee-owned manufacturer that produces goods such as agricultural chemicals, electrical insulation materials and tools, had $134 million of revenue in fiscal year 2013, according to a document sent to prospective buyers.
 Ackman runs the hedge fund Pershing Square Capital Management LP and, as of May 30, owned 97 percent of Allergan’s shares.
 Analysts estimated an 117 percent gain, on average, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 Cementos Portland, which is owned by Spanish builder Fomento de Construcciones & Contratas SA and has reported losses for three straight years, is in talks with creditors to restructure about 1 billion euros of debt.
 Financial terms of the agreement between the arena, which is home to the National Hockey League’s New Jersey Devils, and Legends, which is owned by the New York Yankees and Dallas Cowboys, weren’t disclosed.
June 17 (Bloomberg) -- Edita Food Industries, the Egyptian snacks maker part-owned by buyout firm Actis LLP, is close to hiring Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Emaar Malls, owned by Emaar Properties PJSC, the developer of the world’s tallest skyscraper in Dubai, has the second-lowest investment grade rating from Moody’s Investors Service.
 Set up by a 1970 law, Amtrak is subject to government oversight, is almost entirely owned by the US.
 The transcript on Wprost’s website shows Belka allegedlydiscussing options for the central bank to buy government bondsin an emergency situation by providing liquidity to state-ownedlender BGK and state-controlled PKO Bank Polski SA.
 ‘Shaken Up’ Bonomi, who already owns about 10 percent of the French company, made his bid via Global Resorts SAS, in which Investindustrial has a 91 percent stake, with the remainder owned by South African billionaire Sol Kerzner, management of Spanish amusement park operator PortAventura and private-equity company GP Investments of Brazil.
 A report yesterday showed sales of previously owned homes climbed last month the most since October.
 ABN Amro, fully state-owned since then, had a leverage ratio of 36 percent at the end of the first quarter.
 Lloyds, 25 percent owned by the British taxpayer, has until the end of 2015 to dispose of TSB.
 Next week, she’ll attend a meeting of the board of the Edison Electric Institute, a trade association of investor-owned utilities.
 Express, which was previously owned by L Brands Inc, went public in 2010.
 slumped 5 percent, pacing losses among state-owned refiners.
 In return, the city-owned museum building, grounds and collection would be converted into a nonprofit organization.
 Operators of dark pools, broker-owned venues that compete with exchanges and don’t publish bids and offers, would have to provide the regulator with their rules for matching buyers and sellers, White said.
 Hydro-Quebec, the provincially owned utility, is planning to build a C$11 billion power line from northern Quebec to meet growing demand for electricity in Montreal’s northernmost suburbs, Leitao also said today.
 They took 86 billion euros of impairment charges in 2012 and transferred about 50 billion euros of loans and properties to the country’s so-called bad-bank, which is jointly owned by the state and private lenders.
 Large Investors Rental accommodation, which until now was comprised of dispersed units owned by small landlords, will become more like Germany or Holland, dominated by large international investors who will professionalize the market and even build homes to match supply where there is demand, Seguro said.
 About 607 percent of 35- to 44-year-olds owned a home in the first quarter 2014, down from 683 percent in the first quarter 2007, according to Census data.
 MyBaguette App Vuitton, Kering SA-owned Gucci and other of the world’s largest luxury fashion and accessory brands are introducing more expensive products and limiting their distribution amid softening demand.
 The strategic investor is Lamar Investment and Real Estate Development Co, a family-owned construction business in Saudi Arabia, Nayal Khan, the head of institutional sales and trading at brokerage Naeem Holding in Dubai, said in a note to investors this week.
 The 29 percent Alstom stake owned by Bouygues is valued at 34 euros per share by the French builder, 6 euros higher than the closing price yesterday.
 Sunglass Hut, owned by Milan-based Luxottica Group SpA, operates in 12 countries including South Africa, according to its website.
 Pilgrim’s Pride, the chicken producer 75 percent owned by JBS, raised its offer to $55 a share from $45, Hillshire said in a statement today.
 The building, formerly known as 2 World Financial Center, is part of a complex owned by Brookfield Property Partners LP.
 InterDigital, which as of last year owned more than 1,700 US.
 Telegate, majority owned by Italy’s Seat Pagine Gialle SpA, had argued that Deutsche Telekom’s overcharging curbed profits.
 Purchases of previously owned US.
 Home Sales A report today indicated sales of previously owned US.
 Buying Plans More Americans indicated in today’s confidence survey that they plan to buy automobiles, appliances and previously owned homes in the next six months.
 Purchases of previously owned homes rose in May by the most in almost three years, a sign the industry is stabilizing after a weather-depressed quarter, figures from the National Association of Realtors showed yesterday.
 Mantega, who chairs Petrobras’ board of directors, told Chief Executive Officer Maria das Gracas Foster in April and May that a weaker local currency had helped the state-owned oil company’s short-term finances when she requested price adjustments, the person said, asking not to be identified because the discussion was private.
 The 1731 “Kreutzer” violin, made by renowned Italian artisan Antonio Stradivari, had a presale estimate of $75 million to $10 million.
 T-Mobile is the world’s 27th-most-valuable brand, while Sprint doesn’t even make the top 100, according to Millward Brown Optimor, a brand consulting firm owned by WPP Plc.
 The biggest loan is for the 3861-megawatt Alto Sertao II project in Bahia, owned by Renova Energia SA, which received 104 billion reais in financing.
 BNDES, formally Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Economico & Social, is investing 1939 million-reais in three wind farms with a total capacity of 64-megawatts in Ceara, and 323 million reais for a 112-megawatt project in Rio Grande do Sul owned by the Brazilian biodiesel maker Grupo Oleoplan.
June 6 (Bloomberg) -- Momentive Performance Materials Inc, a maker of silicones and quartz products owned by Leon Black’s Apollo Global Management LLC, is girding for a dispute over the bankruptcy exit plan it wants a judge to confirm in August.
 Shun Tak-China Travel Ship Management is owned by Hong Kong-listed Shun Tak Holdings Ltd.
 In a revised report on transparency in the commodities industry, the Swiss Federal Council recommended that extraction companies in mining, forestry, oil and gas annually disclose payments to foreign governments or state-owned companies to match EU and US.
 BYD Co, the automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, led gains for consumer companies reliant on economic growth with a 59 percent advance.
 and Noble Energy Inc, which joined forces in the Marcellus Shale almost three years ago, are planning to offer stock in a natural gas pipeline partnership that handles output from jointly owned acreage.
 Walter Investment’s stock price gained 13 percent to $2899 from the beginning of May through June 4, exceeding the 11 percent advance by Lewisville, Texas-based Nationstar, which is majority owned by Fortress Investment Group LLC.
 In 1996, the Hills bought Hubert Le Sueur’s 17th-century bronze “Venus,” which was once owned by King Louis XIV, and Warhol’s 1962 soup can, within a month of each other.
 Pinnacle, majority-owned by Blackstone Group LP, agreed last month to sell itself to Hillshire Brands Co.
 Clashes last year between Renamo and government security forces disrupted public transportation in Sofala province and the movement of coal by rail to the coast from mines owned by Rio Tinto Plc and Vale SA.
 stemming from the 2006 sale of the Stallion Mountain golf club in Las Vegas by a company he owned, according to documents in two lawsuits reviewed by Bloomberg News.
 Walters and his companies also owned or co-owned other courses, including Bali Hai and Desert Pines in Las Vegas, as well as auto dealerships in Kentucky, in the years after the housing collapse and credit crisis squeezed markets in housing, auto sales and golf.
 Stallion Mountain, about seven miles east of the Las Vegas strip, was one of four Nevada courses owned by Walters and his companies.
 He met Walters when his company owned the Stratosphere Hotel in Las Vegas, the Wall Street Journal reported on May 30.
 Contracts to buy previously owned houses in the US.
 “The case with Bumi is not reassuring to investors and doesn’t help the image of the country,” Tobias Bettkober, an investment adviser at Holinger Asset Management AG in Zurich, which previously owned the convertibles, said in a June 18 phone interview.
 Baupost owned 35 percent, or 533 million shares, of the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based maker of hepatitis C treatments as of March 31, making it Idenix’s largest shareholder, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Icahn, Buffett Billionaire Icahn owned 11 percent of Forest Laboratories Inc.
 Mortgage investors’ ire over such deals has built since a 2008 settlement between Bank of America’s Countrywide Financial unit and state attorneys general described as totaling $84 billion in which claims of predatory lending yielded an accord that called for mostly investor-owned loans to be revised.
 ‘Game Changer’ Talks over the near-decade long ban come amid a wider push by China’s leadership to boost foreign investment and to open up its state-owned industries.
 “State-owned mills may not be appealing to foreigners unless China has clear policies to help improve their efficiency by slashing the redundant payrolls,” Le Yukun, head of metals and mining with BOC International, said from Shanghai.
 Analysts estimated a 11 percent gain, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 Telkom, which is 40 percent owned by South Africa’s government, will report full-year earnings per share excluding one-time items of as much as 875 rand on June 13, the company said last month.
 Council President Darrell Clarke said nothing today duringthe council’s last meeting before its summer recess about thesale of Philadelphia Gas Works, the nation’s largestmunicipally-owned gas utility.
YPF SA (YPF), Argentina’s state-owned energy producer, headed for the biggest weekly slump in five months as hedge fund manager Paul Singer’s NML Capital Ltd.
 court rejected the claim that Energia Argentina SA, a state-owned energy company, was the nation’s “alter ego” and liable for bondholder losses.
 China Resources Power Holdings Co, a state-owned power generator, increased 49 percent to lead gains on the Hang Seng Index.
 The land was once owned by billionaire Howard Hughes, who bought the property in the 1950s and named it after his grandmother, Jean Amelia Summerlin.
 Fire Phone will join Amazon’s ecosystem of devices so that when a consumer is watching a movie using the company’s set-top box, the phone can pull up the actors and other information about what’s being viewed through the IMDB service that is owned by the Web retailer.
June 20 (Bloomberg) -- Bulgaria’s central bank seized a lender part-owned by Russia’s VTB Group after it ran out of funds and stopped all operations, spurring the biggest slump in the nation’s stock index in 16 months.
 BDO, owned by billionaire Henry Sy, is adopting a defensive strategy as Philippine President Benigno Aquino is likely to sign a bill allowing more foreign banks in the country, Tan said.
 The House of Representatives and the Senate this month ratified a bill relaxing a 1994 law that limited the number of fully-owned foreign banks in the Philippines to 10.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Pacific Ltd, which is acquiring $36 billion of assets from its state-owned Chinese parent, said it will add new investors including Tencent Holdings Ltd.
 after buying assets from its parent, China’s first state-owned investment company, including financial services, energy and property.
 A family-led investment company and allies now own a combined 46 percent of Banco Espirito Santo SA, down from 54 percent after Portugal’s biggest lender not owned by the state raised 104 billion euros ($14 billion) this month.
 The company has since become the country’s biggest bank by market value and the largest in terms of assets apart from state-owned Caixa Geral de Depositos SA.
 23, ESF was 49 percent-owned by Espirito Santo Irmaos, which in turn is owned by Rioforte, which is fully owned by closely held Espirito Santo International.
 “We see credit as relatively over-owned and valued versus other risk assets,” JPMorgan strategists led by Jan Loeys wrote in a June 13 report.
 Catoca Owners Partner Rosas e Petalas belongs to Angolan lawyer Celso Rosa, who owned the concession from 2002 until it was put to tender by the government in 2008 to attract investors, Kennedy said.
 It’s owned by Endiama, OAO Alrosa, Odebrecht SA as well as a venture between China and state oil producer Sonangol.
 “Let us give those companies that continue to operate in the metals and engineering sector an opportunity to survive and fight another day in this ultra-competitive, low-margin environment” The union has also deadlocked over wages with with state-owned Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, which provides more than 95 percent of South Africa’s power and where its members are deemed to be essential-services workers, meaning they can’t go on strike.
 Evraz Plc, the Russian mining and metals company part-owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, is studying the option of listing in Moscow, the company wrote in an e-mail on June 3.
 Namibian private-equity firm Pointbreak and South African financial services company, TYME, each own 4244 percent of the bank, with the remainder owned by local investors, including Kalondo.
 Kroeger’s family has owned the little Claus Kroeger store for 90 years, selling a selection of teas, coffee and wine.
 The state-owned bank, a focus of the European Central Bank’s asset quality review along with other vessel financiers, recorded a profit of 213 million euros ($291 million) compared with 74 million euros a year earlier, it said in a statement today.
 Glaxo’s majority-owned ViiV Healthcare venture is collaborating with Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen unit to test a pill combining ViiV’s Tivicay with Janssen’s Edurant, ViiV said today in a statement.
 “We look forward to continuing to build on our success, but now as a company that is fully owned by its partners,” Foster, 79, said in the statement.
June 4 (Bloomberg) -- Mitsui & Co, Japan’s second-largest general trading company, will build and operate a $33 billion coal-fired power plant in Malaysia in partnership with a local state-owned company.
 The plant will have an annual capacity of 2,000 megawatts and begin generation in 2018 to meet a 25-year sales contract with state-owned utility Tenaga Nasional Berhad, Mitsui said.
 Det Norske, 50 percent owned by Roekke’s Aker ASA, would add production of about 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day in 2014, more than 13 times last year’s output, Chief Executive Officer Karl Johnny Hersvik said today in a presentation.
 Aker, 67 percent owned by Roekke, said this month a share issue would be “inevitable” as Det Norske put together funding for Sverdrup.
 The company also becomes the biggest Norway-based oil producer after Statoil and state-owned Petoro AS.
 Abu Dhabi’s state-owned Aabar Investments PJSC, on June 11 confirmed it has reduced its stake in the firm to 1885 percent from 2157 percent.
 Lombard, Odier SCA, Geneva’s oldest bank, and BSI Group, the Swiss private bank owned by Italy’s Assicurazioni Generali SpA.
 Other banks that have said they are participating include Union Bancaire Privee, the Geneva-based bank founded by Edgar de Picciotto in 1969, and Edmond de Rothschild Group, owned by Baron Benjamin de Rothschild.
 The Rosh Pinah zinc and lead mine, 80 percent owned by Glencore, was awarded the rest of the undeveloped Gergarub deposit earlier this year, entitling it to 49 percent of future earnings, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
 The deposit, about 800 kilometers (497 miles) south of Namibia’s capital Windhoek, was discovered after Vedanta’s Skorpion zinc mine and refinery, then owned by Anglo American Plc, entered a joint-exploration agreement in 2004 with Rosh Pinah, which was controlled by South Africa’s Exxaro Resources Ltd.
 Wiener Boerse, owned by Austrian financial institutions including UniCredit Bank Austria AG and Erste Group Bank AG, doesn’t publish financial statements.
 The probe may affect metals stockpiles at the northeastern port held by Citic Resources Holdings Ltd, the trader controlled by China’s largest state-owned company said today.
 For its part, Austin Energy, America’s eighth-largest municipal-owned utility, sees Downs as the prototypical customer of the future -- savvy, energy conscious, an enthusiastic embracer of all this new, smart technology.
 The Kosovo project -- a two-unit, 600-megawatt plant that would be fed coal from nearby state-owned mines -- is estimated by the government to cost less than 1 billion euros ($14 billion).
 New York-based ContourGlobal LP and Sithe Global Power LLC, which is owned by funds managed by Blackstone Group LP, were pre-approved as bidders, along with Turkish company Park Holding AS, according to Economic Development Minister Fadil Ismajli.
 Years without investment have curtailed the two plants’ capacity, making outages part of daily life in Kosovo and forcing the state-owned utility to import more expensive electricity.
 Now, the government is turning again to Citic, this time to lure more private investment to inefficient state-owned enterprises and to aid its global ambitions by acquiring companies overseas.
 “Citic’s restructuring is part of the Chinese leadership’s new push to overhaul the governance and financial performance of state-owned enterprises, which have been terrible,” said Andrew Batson, Beijing-based China research director at Gavekal Dragonomics, an economic research firm.
 A Citic governed by the free markets of Hong Kong, away from Beijing regulators such as the National Development and Reform Commission, could deflect opposition that thwarted other state-owned companies such as Cnooc Ltd.
 Rising debt and a lumbering state-owned sector threaten to throttle the economy as previously brisk economic growth cools.
 So the president has ordered China to start opening up its protected state-owned enterprises to more private and foreign investment to improve efficiency.
June 5 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s state-owned power utility said it will ask more industrial customers to cut use to prevent managed blackouts during peak-demand times.
 Showers during the June-September period, crucial for crops from sugar to rice and cotton, will be 93 percent of a 50-year average, the state-owned weather office said on its website yesterday.
June 17 (Bloomberg) -- Vhi Healthcare, the Irish state-owned medical insurer, extended a reinsurance accord with Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 State-owned power utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 The labor action has halted most local operations owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 The Cullinan mine is renowned for producing large blue diamonds, which sell for a premium.
 Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said in May that lawmakers are committed to changing black ownership laws from 2008 that compel foreign- and white-owned companies to sell at least 51 percent of their shares to black investors.
 AA, which was owned by Charterhouse Capital Partners LLP, CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
 Sales of new and previously owned homes rose in May, reports showed earlier this week.
 The group, established from the merger of four state-owned companies in 2006, has begun preparing to list its Australian unit Manassen Foods overseas and it hasn’t decided on the IPO size of the maker of Albatros bread and Harringtons chocolates, Lv said.
 Lloyds, 25 percent owned by the British taxpayer, has until the end of 2015 to dispose of TSB.
 Express, which was previously owned by L Brands Inc, went public in 2010.
 The 22-megawatt Herbert project and 11-megawatt Greefspan project are both owned by AE-AMD Renewable Energy, a joint venture of AMDA Energia and Alt-E Technologies, San Jose, California-based SunPower said today in a statement.
 Charney, who already owned 27 percent of the clothing retailer, entered a loan agreement with Standard General LP last week to help increase his stake while he contests his firing.
 Under the plan, Charney doesn’t beneficially own any of the American Apparel stock owned by Standard General “solely by reason of the letter agreement dated June 25,” the company said.
 “There is potential for the trial to start but it is not 100 percent confirmed the trial will start Monday as we have a motion to dismiss that needs to be considered first” SouthGobi is 56 percent owned by Turquoise Hill.
 “Transocean, which owned the rig’s blowout preventer and was responsible for its maintenance, failed to, among other things, properly maintain the BOP and control the well” BP booked $427 billion of expenses after the blowout aboard Transocean’s drilling rig.
 Antonio Freitas, a spokesman for Angola’s state-owned diamond company Endiama EP in Luanda, and Ari de Almeida, commercial director for Sodiam, didn’t respond to e-mailed requests for comment.
 Catoca is owned by Angolan state diamond company Endiama, Alrosa, a venture between China and state oil producer Sonangol and Odebrecht of Brazil.
 Sterling, a real-estate billionaire, last week agreed to drop his opposition to the sale of the team he has owned since 1981.
 The 517-megawatt Temiscouata II project, owned by Boralex, is estimated to begin generating electricity late next year.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- Nicolas Audebert, winemaker at the Cheval des Andes vineyard in Argentina’s Mendoza region, has moved to Bordeaux to join two estates owned by Chanel, Chateau Rauzan-Segla and Chateau Canon, Decantercom said.
 Audebert has been at Cheval des Andes, owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, for the past eight years, and started his new role on June 1 working alongside John Kolasa, who has been director of Rauzan-Segla since 1994, according to Decanter magazine’s website.
 has bid $186 billion for city-owned Philadelphia Gas Works.
 Sales of new and previously owned homes rose in May, reports showed earlier this week.
 also agreed today to pay $193 billion for a group of hotels that’s indirectly owned by funds managed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, creating one of the biggest hospitality-focused real estate investment trusts in the US.
 Chen, the accountant who works for a state-owned property and logistics company, said he expects at least 10 percent returns from his IPO investments.
 The court gave six months to the state to dispose all applications for renewing permits and asked it to first process the applications for mines owned by steelmakers.
 Discovery, partly owned by cable-TV billionaire John Malone, is seeking to become more competitive in sports after acquiring control of Eurosport this year.
 Berlusconi Team Serie A is Italy’s top division and includes AC Milan, the seven-time European champion owned by Berlusconi, as well as the Agnelli family’s Juventus and Erick Thohir’s Inter Milan.
 Beijing Enterprises Holdings Ltd, a state-owned brewer and gas supplier, lost 4 percent in Hong Kong after saying its controlling shareholder will sell exchangeable bonds.
 The agency should update its capital rules for large broker-dealers such as those owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co.
June 9 (Bloomberg) -- TCS Group Holding Plc, the Russian consumer bank partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, said first-quarter profit tumbled 65 percent as it increased provisioning for bad loans.
 Laura Albornoz was named in May by Chilean President Michelle Bachelet to defuse a growing feud between executives and workers at the company created in 1971 through the nationalization of foreign-owned mines.
 Abu Dhabi’s state-owned Aabar Investments PJSC on June 11 confirmed it reduced its stake to 1885 percent from 2157 percent.
 “The barriers to homeownership are high, but they’re keeping some people out who could be spending a lot less on their housing longer term if they owned instead of rented,” said Jed Kolko, Trulia’s chief economist.
 Optim is indirectly owned by Cascade Investment LLC, an investment vehicle for Gates, co-founder of Microsoft Corp.
 That is “potentially a negative” for some of the company’s bondholders, he said, as Harrah’s is owned by a subsidiary called Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties, while most of Caesars’ debt is owed by another entity, Caesars Entertainment Operating Co.
 ‘No Preference’ While BNDES has a “good commercial and institutional relationship” with Banco do Brasil, there is “no preference” for the lender because it’s a domestic bank or state-owned, BNDES’s press office said in an e-mailed statement.
 In India, it has previously provided loans to a solar project owned by billionaire Anil Ambani’s Reliance Power Ltd.
June 12 (Bloomberg) -- Aer Lingus Group Plc, the Irish airline part-owned by Ryanair Holdings Plc, cut its earnings forecast for this year as a strike and threat of further industrial action hit bookings.
 Priced at about $1 million with armor plating, the vehicle will be reminiscent of past Mercedes models owned by the likes of designer Coco Chanel and former Philippine leader Ferdinand Marcos.
 The warships are being built by DCNS SA, a state-controlled shipbuilder 35 percent owned by Thales SA.
June 26 (Bloomberg) -- Lowell Group, the debt recovery business owned by UK.
 The purchase announced today is expected to increase its supply of owned and controlled lots by about 30 percent and add plots in the land-constrained markets of Washington and Oregon, it said.
 As president in 2000, Bill Clinton vetoed a proposal to repeal the estate tax, though he backed less significant changes to cushion family-owned businesses and farms against the potential effects of the tax.
 This week, Donald Sterling reversed himself and dropped his support for the sale of the team he has owned since 1981.
 It also cut to junk level the debt of state-owned Kommunalkredit Austria AG.
 Exception, Rule Kommunalkredit, a state-owned bank that like Hypo Alpe is being wound down, was cut to Ba1 from Baa3 and in protest turned down the rating, saying Moody’s is wrong to assume that Hypo Alpe is a model rather than an exception.
 Bank Austria, which is fully owned by Italy’s UniCredit SpA, as well as Bawag PSK Bank AG, owned by US.
Yildirim Holding AS, a family-owned Turkish company with global interests in mining, transportation and energy, plans to sell a stake in its ports unit to sustain a rapid pace of acquisitions.
 Yildirim recently bought OAO Mechel’s ferro-alloy units in Russia and Kazakhstan for $425 million, coal mines and ports owned by CCX Carvao da Colombia SA for $125 million and 80 percent of Swedish port operator Stuveribolaget Gavle AB for an undisclosed price.
 Air France-KLM owned a 25 percent stake in Alitalia, a fellow member of the Skyteam alliance, and the holding shrunk to 7 percent after it declined to participate in a capital increase amid Alitalia’s resistance to restructuring.
 Charney owned about 45 percent of the stock at the end of 2012.
 State-owned SWCC plans to boost water production to 7 million cubic meters a day by 2014, the al-Eqtisadiah newspaper said last year.
 Lloyds, which is 25 percent owned by the government, has gained about 22 percent over the past 12 months, helped as a housing boom sent London prices to records.
 Soros Fund Management owned a 99 percent stake in ClickSoftware as of March 31, according to regulatory filing.
June 27 (Bloomberg) -- ZTE Corp, a Chinese maker of telecommunications equipment and systems, said it asked China’s State Intellectual Property Office to review 32 patents owned by Vringo Inc.
 The company, owned by Turkey’s Ulker Biskuvi Sanayi AS (ULKER), could announce the move as early as today, said the people, who declined to be named as the appointment is not yet public.
 New-home sales, which account for about 7 percent of the residential market, are tabulated when contracts are signed, making them a timelier barometer than purchases of previously owned dwellings.
 Alcoa will pay $235 billion in cash and $500 million in stock for Firth Rixson, which is owned by private-equity firm Oak Hill Capital Partners LP, the New York-based aluminum company said today in a statement, confirming an earlier report from Bloomberg News.
June 19 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, the unprofitable low-fare carrier part-owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, said its Indonesian venture will stop flying, as the budget airline tries to restructure operations.
 “We expect it will be at some point this year” The bank is the biggest of Switzerland’s publicly owned regional banks, with about 150 billion Swiss francs in assets at the end of 2013.
 The announcement follows the 175 billion euros Deutsche Bank raised by selling shares at 2920 euros to Paramount Holdings Services Ltd, an investment vehicle owned by Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabr Al Thani, Qatar’s former prime minister.
June 10 (Bloomberg) -- ABN Amro Group NV, the Dutch state-owned bank, will cut about 100 jobs as it exits equity derivatives and shutters its Asian markets business.
 He found a piece of a CLO called Inwood Park that was put together in 2007 and owned by Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc’s estate, which needed to sell assets.
 Philadelphia Inquirer Katz, a lawyer and businessman who through the years owned the New Jersey Nets basketball team, New Jersey Devils hockey team and ran a billboard company and parking-lot operator, won control of the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper and its sister publication at a court-ordered auction four days before the crash.
 China Resources The audit office also issued statements on 10 other state-owned companies including China Resources Holdings Co, which has businesses ranging from energy to real estate.
June 25 (Bloomberg) -- The regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will consider suing insurers that charged excessive fees for hazard coverage paid by the two government-owned mortgage companies.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Reserve Bank of New Zealand Governor Graeme Wheeler’s largest monetary tightening among major developed countries is being blunted by Australian-owned mortgage lenders.
 The lending restrictions have helped slow house-price inflation to 82 percent last month from 10 percent in December, according to Quotable Value New Zealand, a government-owned property research company.
 Amsterdam-based New Egypt Investment is owned by Sawiris, he said today in a text message.
June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Wind Telecomunicazioni SpA, the Italian mobile-phone service owned by VimpelCom Ltd, is planning to sell $55 billion of bonds in euros and dollars to refinance debt.
 In the second process, Grupo TorreSur, owned by Providence Equity Partners LLC, is working with Credit Suisse Group AG, another person said.
 Separately, Tim Participacoes SA, the mobile-phone provider owned by Telecom Italia SpA, has hired Morgan Stanley for its own sale of towers for about $1 billion, people familiar with the matter said last month.
 Oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA jumped on speculation that Rousseff may lose the election and a new president could reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Mashreq, owned by the billionaire Al-Ghurair family, reported a 35 percent jump in first-quarter profit to 5751 million dirhams.
 central bank and oil-rich neighbor Abu Dhabi to help state-owned companies through the credit crisis.
 Yeargan’s family owned the set, which has never been up for auction.
 Jefferies, which is owned by Lecuadia National Corp, agreed earlier this year to pay $25 million to settle US.
 Germany’s Mittelstand companies, numbering about 3 million businesses and usually family owned, account for about half of the country’s gross domestic product.
 Stake Target Evonik is 68 percent-owned by RAG-Stiftung and 18 percent by CVC Capital Partners after they sold a 14 percent stake in the chemical producer to investors in a private sale process and then listed the stock on Germany’s Xetra exchange in April 2013.
June 19 (Bloomberg) -- Momentive Performance Materials Inc, a maker of silicones and quartz products owned by Leon Black’s Apollo Global Management LLC, won court approval to put the rough terms of its bankruptcy plan to a creditor vote.
 Barry Sternlicht’s Starwood Capital Group said today that an affiliate agreed to acquire TMI Hospitality Inc, including more than 180 limited-service hotels owned by the Fargo, North Dakota-based company.
 are working with Mexican investigators to determine the causes of an accident that killed seven workers assembling an offshore rig for state-owned oil producer Petroleos Mexicanos.
 The Dragon The fourth, the Dragon, is owned by brothers William and Desmond O’Dwyer, who built up a chain of outlets during Ireland’s Celtic Tiger boom.
 Yeargan’sfamily owned the set, which has never been up for auction.
 The entities include WestLB, the 180-year-old German state-owned lender, based in Dusseldorf, that ceased operations in 2012 as part of European Union conditions tied to a 17 billion-euro ($23 billion) bailout after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a complaint.
 Confirmation of Russia’s partial withdrawal emerged hours after separatist rebels downed a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine, killing a general and 13 troops.
Petroleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4), Brazil’sstate-owned energy company, formulated a strategy in 1999 to goglobal: 1.
 To encourage investment, a state commission ruled some offshore permits issued to companies like Lukoil are valid regardless of legislation in 2008 that limited rights to government-owned businesses.
 The younger Chan, then disdainful of his father’s vocation, took a different route: boarding school in England, undergraduate studies at the University of Manchester, a master’s degree in management from the University of Bristol, a master’s in economics from the renowned Ecole des Ponts ParisTech and a career in high finance.
 As a banker, Chan cut his teeth at freewheeling Hong Kong financial house Peregrine Investments, where his crowning achievement was to help persuade China’s Politburo to list the shares of state-owned companies on the Hong Kong stock exchange.
 “They would be owned by the public!” Whatever distaste Chan may have felt toward gambling evaporated in light of the profits he then envisioned.
June 18 (Bloomberg) -- Companies owned by Apollo Global Management LLC and Cerberus Capital Management LP defaulted on their debt more than those owned by 12 of the other largest private-equity firms, according to Moody’s Investors Service.
 If the use of covenant-light loans wasn’t so high, the default rate for sponsor-owned companies “likely would have been higher,” John Rogers, a senior vice president at Moody’s, wrote in the report.
 speculative-grade non-financial companies with an estimated senior unsecured rating of B1 or lower, excluding borrowers owned by the buyout firms.
 The average annual default rate during the recession period of 2008 and 2009 for private-equity owned companies was 128 percent, less than the 139 percent default rate for Moody’s benchmark comparison portfolio.
 The investment bank, which is owned by Leucadia National Corp, agreed to pay $25 million to settle criminal and civil probes the next day.
 The insurer, majority-owned by Power Corp.
 In the US, a National Association of Realtors report showed that purchases of previously owned US.
 InterDigital, which as of last year owned more than 1,700 US.
 Renesas SP Drivers is 55 percent-owned by Japan’s Renesas Electronics Corp, itself 70 percent owned by the government-backed Innovation Network Corp.
 Zambia is withholding as much as $500 million of value-added tax repayments to mines owned by First Quantum and others, saying they must supply import certificates from countries where their copper ends up.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- Cephalon Inc, the drugmaker owned by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, won a court ruling tossing claims that it conspired with makers of generics to delay cheaper versions of its sleep-disorder medicine Provigil.
 MONDAY JUNE 23 -Sales of previously owned US.
 Tyson outbid Pilgrim’s, the chicken producer 75 percent owned by Brazil’s JBS SA, which had the high offer previously at $55 a share.
 The central bank said it will use cash from the state-owned Bulgarian Development Bank and the Deposit Guarantee Fund to recapitalize Corporate Bank.
 UniCredit, Raiffeisen The banking system is 70 percent-owned by foreign lenders, including UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 The transcript on Wprost’s website shows Belka allegedly discussing options for the central bank to buy government bonds in an emergency situation by providing liquidity to state-owned lender BGK and state-controlled PKO Bank Polski SA.
 Shares in state-owned YPF SA, which is seeking partnerships with foreign oil companies to develop shale deposits, rose 2 percent to $3240 at 2:56 pm.
 Provincial authorities will fight attempts by YPF to cap their royalties and local taxes below a combined 15 percent, as well as to reduce participation in joint ventures by provincially owned energy companies, the provincial officials said.
 Hewitt was previously retail business risk director at Lloyds, responsible for compliance at the 25 percent taxpayer-owned bank’s consumer division.
 Souki owned 939 million shares in Cheniere after receiving the 63 million-share grant on Feb.
 Romania, which has been selling stakes in state-owned companies to cover its budget deficit and reduce government influence in the economy, wants to raise at least 195 billion lei ($602 million) from a majority in the power distributor.
 “This is the first IPO where the state loses majority ownership, and I think it can serve as a good starting point for other state-owned companies in the future,” Ionescu said.
 Santander Consumer, majority-owned by Banco Santander SA, is one of the largest issuers of bonds linked to subprime auto loans, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Operators of dark pools, broker-owned venues that compete with exchanges and don’t publish bids and offers, would have to provide the regulator with their rules for matching buyers and sellers, White said.
 and EU allies say Russia is fueling conflict in the nation by allowing weapons including tanks and anti-aircraft missiles -- like the one that downed a military plane June 14, killing 49 soldiers -- to flow to rebels into Ukraine across its border.
 Local Opinion Harper’s government has taken into account local public opinion in the past on major resource-related decisions, including his rejection of the takeover of Canada’s largest potash producer and more recently his move to slow investment by state-owned enterprises in the nation’s oil sands.
 His decision in 2012 to keep state-owned firms from taking control of oil sands businesses was consistent with polling at the time that found Albertans opposed to full Chinese ownership and more favorable to minority holdings.
 In May, 77 percent of all new home loans in Sweden had three-month variable rates, up from 63 percent in 2012 and the highest in almost four years, according to state-owned lender SBAB.
July 9 (Bloomberg) -- Skoda Auto AS, the Czech mass-market brand owned by Volkswagen AG, is counting on new models and dealership facelifts to turn around sales in China this year and help its parent company become the world’s biggest carmaker.
 Agricultural Development Bank Ltd, a state-owned lender, and Africa Atlantic Holdings Ltd, a corn grower in Ghana’s Eastern region, are preparing to list their shares, Ghana Stock Exchange Managing Director Kofi Yamoah said in an interview in the capital, Accra, yesterday.
 The company signed a restructuring accord with China Reform Holdings Corp, a state-owned asset management company, for its coal-to-chemical business, according to an exchange statement.
 The primary market is the one with movement, and if developers want to sell today, they have to price it 10 percent below market” People Shouting Inside Fortune Metropolis mall, which is owned by Cheung Kong-controlled Fortune Real Estate Investment Trust, buyers in a snaking queue wait to pick a home from a display board after their tickets are drawn.
July 17 (Bloomberg) -- Senior lenders to Momentive Performance Materials Inc, a bankrupt maker of silicones and quartz products owned by Leon Black’s Apollo Global Management LLC, filed a lawsuit in New York state court accusing junior lenders of violating an intercreditor agreement.
 “There is optimism for meat prices up until the Spring Festival next year” Born in 1940, Wan joined WH Group’s predecessor Luohe Cold Storage in 1968, a decade after the state-owned company was founded in central China’s Henan province.
 “Swissport has committed to getting this right, and we are working closely with them to help” Swissport, owned by French private-equity firm PAI Partners SAS, said on its website that delays began over the weekend, traditionally the busiest of the year, when resources proved insufficient to cope with unscheduled aircraft arrivals.
 “The fundraising will be half in equity and half through asset-backed loans” Delta, which last week added a listing in South Africa to its primary one in Bermuda and is 25 percent owned by Johannesburg-based Delta Property Fund Ltd, owns a shopping mall in Morocco and is finalizing the acquisition of three office developments in Mozambique.
 “Prices in the short term are lower than we had expected” The 67 percent state-owned producer will pay a dividend of 18 krone a share for the second quarter.
 He left politics in 2009 to lead Thai Airways International Pcl, where he oversaw a fleet modernization and cost cuts that helped the state-owned carrier rebound from its largest ever loss the year before to a record profit in 2010.
 Both Thai Air and PTT are 51 percent-owned by the Ministry of Finance.
 Reform Trials China yesterday announced it had picked six state-owned companies for trials allowing more independent business management.
 said it will introduce a state-owned enterprises reform gauge on Aug.
 The gauge has gained 14 percent this week and is up 29 percent from this year’s low on March 14 on wagers a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 “We are aware of our obligations” The carrier, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, said in March high debt and intensifying competition made borrowing difficult, and that debt had erased its net worth.
 Several of the labels also owned a piece of YouTube before it was purchased by Google in 2006.
 The incident occurred less than a week after a Malaysian Air passenger jet was downed by a missile while flying over eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 people aboard.
 Tapping on the tiger prompts a choice of four virtual playing cards with the names of Zhou’s spheres of influence: the oil industry, where he once led state-owned China National Petroleum Corp; Sichuan province, where he served as party secretary; internal security; and his family.
 DrawElements was founded in 2008 and is owned by employees and companies including Symbio Ltd.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- Solar Power Inc, a renewable-power developer majority-owned by China’s LDK Solar Co, raised $22 million in a private placement of stock and convertible debt.
 The proposal may involve combining some of Mechel’s assets with steel plants and mines owned by metal producer Evraz Plc and state-owned Vnesheconombank, two of the people said, asking not to be identified as the talks are private.
 Bonomi, who owns about 10 percent of the Paris-based resort company, will make his offer via Global Resorts SAS, in which his private equity company Investindustrial has a 91 percent stake, with the remainder owned by South African billionaire Sol Kerzner, management of Spanish amusement park operator PortAventura and Brazilian private-equity firm GP Investments.
 and European Union say may have been downed by a Russian-made missile system.
 Mobius Bullish Mark Mobius, the executive chairman of Templeton Emerging Markets Group, predicts Chinese shares will rally, saying in an interview yesterday he’s favoring state-owned banks and energy companies because of their cheap valuations and the government’s plans to open up state-dominated industries.
 Iusacell is co-owned by Grupo Televisa SAB, which is also the majority owner of Sky Mexico -- meaning it will soon be partners with AT&T after the DirecTV deal closes.
 “We now want LOT to maintain its position of leading central and eastern Europe carrier, speed up work on strategy, use its potential -- including 787 Dreamliner planes -- and actively look for a strategic investor” Eastern Europe’s biggest state-owned airline lost a potential savior in 2011 when Turk Hava Yollari AO, or Turkish Airlines, ended talks because of EU rules on outside ownership.
 says the Malaysian jet was probably downed by a missile fired from a Russian-supplied launcher, a claim denied by pro-Russian insurgents.
 Edita Food Industries, part-owned by private-equity firm Actis LLP, is close to hiring Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
July 31 (Bloomberg) -- Carmila, the shopping mall operator owned by Carrefour SA and investors including Pacific Investment Management Co, agreed to pay 931 million euros ($125 billion) to acquire six shopping malls in France from Unibail-Rodamco SE.
 restaurants are 90 percent owned by franchisees.
 The biggest supermarket chain, Albert Heijn, owned by Royal Ahold NV, which also runs Stop & Shop in the US, gave away an Orange-clad miniature “Hup Holland” hamster mascot for every 15 euros spent while Lion Capital LLP’s Hema chain sold orange onesies for adults for 1750 euros.
 Buscape, which is owned by Africa’s biggest company Naspers Ltd, makes money from stores that pay to be listed on its website where consumers can compare prices for items.
 “Today seemed more like mobilization” Growth Issues Gross domestic product contracted 06 percent in the three months through March as the mineworkers strike shut shafts owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Lonmin Plc and Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 Ram pickup sales rose 12 percent to 33,149, the Fiat SpA-owned company said.
July 1 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai stocks ended three days of declines after a mortgage provider part-owned by Emaar Properties PJSC proposed a new debt deal, boosting shares in the developer of the world’s tallest tower.
 China’s state-owned banks such as Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd, the nation’s largest, are active “as never before” in Europe and prepared to take “hundreds of assets on their books,” Klaus Stoltenberg, head of shipping at Deutsche Bank, said on May 22.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Bayerische Landesbank, Germany’s second-biggest state-owned lender, is selling its Hungarian unit MKB Bank Zrt to the Hungarian government to fulfill a condition of its 2008 bailout.
 Hungary’s purchase of MKB squares with Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s agenda of having a banking industry that’s at least 50 percent locally owned.
 The company, 24 percent owned by Etihad Airways PJSC, also plans to upgrade the in-flight menu and wine selection, the people said.
 has indicated it believes Russia supplied the missile that downed the Malaysia Airlines jet last week, killing all 298 people on board.
 ADIB Egypt was one of six lenders, including state-owned Banque Misr SAE that arranged a $110 million Islamic facility for East Delta Electricity Co.
 for the privately owned maker of the Capri Sun juice drink and natural flavorings for beverage and food, the people said, asking not to be named as the matter isn’t public.
 Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC, jointly owned by the company and Michael Jackson’s estate, said in a statement it welcomed the department’s review of the agreements and looks forward to working with it “to bring the music licensing system in line with today’s digital music marketplace” Emily Pierce, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, declined to comment.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Aer Lingus Group Plc, the Irish airline part-owned by Ryanair Holdings Plc, lifted its full-year earnings target as marketing and ticket discounts clawed back sales lost because of of a strike.
 About 220,000 workers have downed tools since July 1, affecting more than 12,000 companies.
 Bacon (1909-1992) was crowned the most expensive artist at auction in November, when his triptych of Lucian Freud fetched $1424 million at Christie’s in New York.
 Military Ban On July 29, the bloc agreed to bar state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry, a key prop for Russia’s economy.
 penalties against three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder, adding to restrictions announced two weeks ago.
 Amazon said its team of “world-renowned roboticists, scientists, aeronautical engineers, remote sensing experts, and a former NASA astronaut” have created eighth- and ninth-generation versions of delivery drones.
 Morgan Stanley, the investment bank that originally owned 95 percent of the Revel project, acquired the land and funded construction before walking and writing off almost all of its $12 billion investment.
 Wells Fargo’s Urdan said one company that may be vulnerable to agency action is Pittsburgh-based Education Management, partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 “The remaining question is whether NATL’s reserve charge truly cleans up its balance sheet” National Interstate is majority owned by American Financial Group Inc, the Cincinnati-based insurer led by members of the Lindner family.
 Companies include Eurocement Group, owned by Georgia-born Filaret Galchev and Holcim’s second-largest shareholder, Germany’s HeidelbergCement AG, Ireland’s CRH Plc and Cemex SAB, the biggest cement maker in the Americas, the people said last month.
 Athabasca has plunged 27 percent from a February high as the company works through a C$132 billion transaction with China’s state-owned PetroChina.
 “It was like that movie ‘Groundhog Day’ where we’re waking up, expecting to see a different outcome, but each day validates our thesis” Garcia owned up to the deeds, resigning from the company on July 5 and saying on Twitter he made a “confession” and would cooperate with investigators.
 Clashes between Renamo and state security forces disrupted public transportation in Sofala and the movement of coal by rail to the coast from mines owned by Rio Tinto Plc and Vale SA last year.
 Sales of new properties, which are tallied when purchase contracts are signed, are considered a more timely measure of the market than sales of previously owned dwellings, which are counted when a sale is final.
 The company owned a 25 percent stake in the well.
 The majority of striking employees at Scaw Metals Group, 74 percent owned by South Africa’s Industrial Development Corp, also returned to their jobs, according to the company.
 Balky Council Jacksonville’s council, which approved the subsidy to help erect them at the city-owned stadium in November, last week threatened to block the mayor’s 2015 budget proposal because it includes $230 million in borrowing and draws down at least $17 million from reserves.
 The Malkins wrongfully turned down higher offers for the skyscraper by itself in favor of making it the centerpiece of a real estate investment trust, or REIT, driving up the value of 17 other Malkin-owned buildings in the group, the investors said in the proposed class-action lawsuit filed Dec.
 The sale of the Samson brewery is not a “threat” to Budvar, the Czech state-owned brewer said in an e-mailed statement.
 They’re doing whatever they can to reduce the bank’s fine” Other category 2 participants include Union Bancaire Privee, the Geneva-based bank used by American Jordan Belfort, according to his memoir “The Wolf of Wall Street,” the international arm of Coutts, the private bank owned by Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, and the Swiss unit of Schroders Plc.
 The University of Pittsburgh’s Medical Center is a world-renowned nonprofit enterprise with more than 62,000 employees.
 that was owned by the logistics company.
 Former Chairman Jiang Jiemin, who was connected to Zhou at China National Petroleum Corp, was ousted as head of the commission overseeing state-owned companies after the government on Sept.
 Rupert Murdoch, who also controls 39 percent of BSkyB, is selling the stake in Sky Deutschland as well as wholly owned Sky Italia in a deal valued at more than $9 billion.
 Merchant Banking On its website, OmniView describes itself as a “merchant banking and financial advisory firm” which provides strategic funding to privately owned, middle-market firms to facilitate growth plans, management buyouts, capital restructuring, acquisitions and other deals.
 Chrysler is owned by Fiat SpA.
 EU governments agreed yesterday on their widest-ranging sanctions yet against Russia, curbing state-owned banks’ access to financing, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and banning new contracts of equipment with military uses.
 Imperial Tobacco rallied 31 percent after saying it is in discussions to acquire some assets and brands owned by US.
 Large businesses shunned buildings sold to multiple owners under a system known as strata title in favor of properties owned by single entities.
 Rioforte is owned by Grupo Espirito Santo, or GES, one of Portugal Telecom’s largest shareholders with a 10 percent stake, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The San Marcos wind farm will be owned by the Honduran developer Grupo Terra, and will produce enough power for about 100,000 homes.
July 29 (Bloomberg) -- OKCupid, the dating site owned by billionaire Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, is the latest Internet company to say it conducts psychological experiments on users.
 Six of the 10 most-owned options are bullish, with $45 calls expiring this month attracting the highest ownership among them.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates NBD PJSC’s Dnata in April, in the US.
 BYD Co, the electric automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, climbed at least 36 percent in Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
 As anger grows at the rebels’ control of the site, the EU agreed on July 29 to restrict the export of equipment for Russia’s oil industry, curb arms sales and bar state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe.
 has imposed sanctions on three Russian lenders including VTB Bank, as well as a state-owned shipbuilder, adding to restrictions announced two weeks ago.
 Airlines are shunning Iraqi airspace amid global concern that Islamic State militants may have got hold of anti-aircraft missiles of the kind thought to have downed a Malaysian Air jet over Ukraine.
 Bulgaria’s central bank seized Corporate Commercial Bank AD, a lender partly owned by VTB Group, in June after it ran out of funds and stopped all operations.
 A unit of VTB also acquired an 80 percent stake in state-owned tobacco company Bulgartabac Holding AD in 2011.
 Most drilling rights on privately owned land in the area have already been snapped up by corporations, so explorers can expand only through acquisitions.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- The Ibovespa climbed for the first time in four days as investors awaited an election poll amid speculation that a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Vodacom, which is 65 percent owned by Vodafone Group Plc, is expanding its Internet and data services while adding small-to-medium sized business customers to offset declining voice sales from its home market, which is being squeezed by cuts in the rates it can charge for ending calls on its network.
 What is very important now is for the unions to talk to their members” The strike follows a five-month stoppage by at least 70,000 workers at other mines owned by Impala and shafts operated by Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
July 26 (Bloomberg) -- Telkom SA SOC Ltd, the South African phone company part-owned by the government, will probe allegations that Chief Executive Officer Sipho Maseko cloned car license plates to avoid traffic fines.
 “The docket will soon be handed over to the South African Police Service and the director of prosecutions for a decision on the matter” Telkom is about 40 percent owned by the South African government.
 sanctioned three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder that serves Russia’s navy and oil and gas industry, joining with the European Union in escalating the penalties for Russia over its actions in Ukraine.
 EU governments agreed to bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry, a key prop for Russia’s economy, an EU official said.
 Before this service, Amazon Prime subscribers who owned Kindles could borrow more than 500,000 e-books.
 The investment bank is owned by Leucadia National Corp.
 Olayan, one of the most prominent Saudi Arabian family-owned firms, was in talks to buy a majority stake in Gulf Union in a deal potentially worth about 500 million riyals ($133 million), people with knowledge of the matter said last month.
 MTR beat Arriva Crossrail Ltd, owned by Deutsche Bahn AG; National Express Group Plc; and a partnership of Paris-based Keolis and Go-Ahead Group Plc for the contract.
 MTR is 763 percent owned by Hong Kong’s government, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 for BG, which traces its roots to British Gas -- a former state-owned utility sold by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in 1986.
 “I’m not particularly optimistic on Gucci,” the Italian handbag maker owned by Kering, he said.
 Election Outlook The Ibovespa has rallied 24 percent from this year’s low on March 14 as Petroleo Brasileiro, which is known as Petrobras, jumped on speculation that a change in government would reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Banque Privee Espirito Santo SA, fully owned by Espirito Santo Financial Group SA, said on July 8 that there was a delay in payments of some of the last maturities of short-term debt securities issued by ESI.
 The firm is fully owned by ESFG, which controls 25 percent of Portugal’s second-biggest bank by market value, and suspended trading in its shares and bonds today.
 Moonves, who spoke to reporters yesterday at a Television Critics Association event in Beverly Hills, California, said in the past he’s discussed “doing something with CNN,” the pioneering cable channel owned by New York-based Time Warner, with his CBS News on broadcast.
 The state-owned parent, Chongqing Iron & Steel Group, is also looking for private investment in its iron ore project in Australia, the Chongqing State-owned Supervision and Administration Commission said June 30.
 jumped 10 percent after the government chose six state-owned enterprises for reform.
 After the market close yesterday, China announced it had picked six state-owned companies for trials that would allow more independent business management, freer hiring of top executives or permit mixed ownership structures.
 While McDonnell was in office, Virginia officials could accept gifts of any size as long as they were disclosed, and gifts to family members or companies owned by officials didn’t have to be reported.
 The company, 39 percent owned by Fox, will acquire the US.
 “We shouldn’t make it advantageous to be a foreign-owned business in the United States,” said Bret Wells, a former corporate tax lawyer who is a professor at the University of Houston.
 These are the first surveys after the World Cup” The Ibovespa entered a bull market on May 7, surging 20 percent from this year’s low, as oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA rallied on speculation a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 The authority, owned by the state’s 2,000-member Mohegan tribe, delivered a 10,000-page bid last week to New York regulators for a $550 million casino in Thompson, on the site of the former Concord Resort in the Catskills.
 The company, owned by the Chilean government, is rated A1 at Moody’s Investors Service, five levels higher than Indonesia.
 The company also announced a reorganization of its divisions and said it would tighten control of Santiago-based power group Enersis through the purchase of the 606 percent owned by Endesa.
 auto dealer groups over its direct sales of electric cars through company-owned stores, was approved by lawmakers in Pennsylvania to expand retail operations there.
 Donald Sterling testified earlier in the trail that he will never approve of the sale of the team he has owned since 1981.
 Developing-market stocks erased gains as EU governments agreed to prevent Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry.
 SpaceX, owned by billionaire Elon Musk, filed suit in April accusing the US.
 Yesterday, Fox announced a deal to consolidate its European satellite TV assets within its 39 percent owned British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc.
 Mixed Portfolio While rivals like IHS have a mixed portfolio of owned and managed towers, HTA typically owns all its facilities, de Orleans Borbon said.
 Analysts estimated a gain of about 11 percent, the average of 15 projections compiled by Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 Puts protecting against a 37 percent decline in the gauge are the most owned.
 Among the 10 most-owned CAC 40 options, nine were bearish.
 The Chinese conglomerate Fosun International Ltd, which had previously owned 75 percent of the stock, agreed to purchase an additional 133 percent, Bona said in a statement.
 “Beside the complex macroeconomic conditions, the deterioration in key financial indicators of the company -- profitability and operating cash flow -- was caused by an increase in tax burden and social contribution payments, including an increase in debt from large state-owned companies,” NIS said in the statement.
 “It’s difficult to say how much the floods actually contributed to this but investors won’t like it” Debt from NIS clients, mainly large Serbian state-owned companies, fell 20 percent from a year earlier to 56 billion dinars.
 Junk Rating The ratings company cut Oi to junk after a Portugal Telecom debtor, Rioforte Investments SA, defaulted on about $12 billion of commercial paper owned by the Lisbon-based phone company.
 Dollar-denominated debt from Pemex, as the state-owned company is known, has returned 83 percent this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Palo Alto, California-based VMware is majority-owned by EMC Corp.
 “Issuance will no longer be dominated by sovereigns” as increased debt sales are expected from companies and state-owned corporations, she said.
 There may be more sales from companies, financial institutions and state-owned entities across Africa, particularly from West and East Africa, according to McDonald.
 Telkom, about 40 percent owned by the state, would fall under that category, she said.
 Telkom belongs to “Schedule 2” public entities alongside other partially or fully state-owned companies such as South African Airways and electricity provider Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 The Abu Dhabi state-owned investment company is negotiating a price of 5 dirhams to 6 dirhams a share ($136 to $163) the person said.
 It would also “remove concerns that a large chunk of the company is owned by an outsider,” he said.
 “The size of our audience on our owned and operated properties is two to three times that of just our monthly active user base, which we believe ranks us among the top 10 largest digitally connected audiences in the world,” he said.
 and ACME Solar Energy Ltd, 25 percent-owned by the renewables unit of Electricite de France SA.
 IDB Development is now owned by a group including Argentine businessman Eduardo Elsztain and Mordechai Ben Moshe.
 Moody’s said the town of 2,200 receives 48 percent its operating revenue from operation of the plant, which is owned by Entergy Corp.
 State-owned Guangdong Rising Assets Management Co.
 “Enel’s distribution assets in Romania could be taken over by international private or state-owned investors or by Romanian investors, but it’s also possible that this intention to sell will not materialize,” Energy Minister Razvan Nicolescu said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 has sued Decheng Mining, a company owned by Chen, its parent and four other firms over payments for industrial metals and alumina, according to a June 26 stock exchange filing.
 He favors state-owned banks and energy companies because of their cheap valuations and the government’s plans to open up state-dominated industries.
 Dubai district cooling firm Empower, majority owned by Dubai Electricity & Water Authority, bought Dubai World unit Palm District Cooling for $500 million in January.
 The state-owned operator estimates pending projects need 5 trillion rupees ($83 billion), overshadowing Modi’s fare increase and pledge to woo foreign investment since his election in May.
 State-owned Bharat Heavy, whose shares fell as much as 17 percent today before closing 11 percent lower at 22835 rupees, is shifting focus from railways.
July 3 (Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group LLC, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, hired John Laub from hedge-fund firm Red Alder LLC to head its prime brokerage business.
July 31 (Bloomberg) -- Puerto Rico’s government-owned corporations could file for bankruptcy protection under a bill proposed in the US.
 The bill would “enable the Puerto Rico government to authorize its government-owned corporations to utilize the tried-and-true Chapter 9 procedure if it becomes necessary, under the expert supervision of an impartial federal bankruptcy judge,” Pierluisi said in a statement.
 “But I believe regulators should look very closely at whether they’re being used solely for that purpose and who gets what out of those markets” Brokers and mutual funds last month pulled out from a dark pool owned by Barclays after New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a civil complaint that the bank lied to customers and masked the role of high-frequency traders to boost revenues.
July 9 (Bloomberg) -- Weinstein Co, the independent studio owned by brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein, is clinching deals to expand TV production as the company’s founders consider selling a stake in the division.
 Private-equity firms that traditionally sought to sell their energy investments to state-owned companies are now more inclined to view initial public offerings as an exit strategy, Kitchen said.
 Anglo American Platinum, 77 percent owned by London-based Anglo American Plc, may shut or offload its Rustenburg and Union mines, which produce about a third of its total platinum, CEO Chris Griffith said in March.
 Frankfurt-based Commerzbank, which is 17 percent state-owned, may incur penalties of at least $500 million as part of a deferred-prosecution agreement with authorities, a person familiar with the matter said on July 8.
 PetroChina, a unit of state-owned China National Petroleum Corp, has seen a raft of officials purged during the past year in the anti-graft campaign of President Xi Jinping.
 The strike followed a five-month stoppage by at least 70,000 employees at other mines owned by Impala and shafts operated by Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 About 37 VIX options betting on upside in the volatility gauge are owned for every one wagering on it going lower, the highest call-to-put ratio for the contracts since before the financial crisis.
 To back loans packaged into securities by the US-owned mortgage-finance giants, insurers would have to hold liquid assets worth at least 56 percent of their risk exposure, under the Federal Housing Finance Agency proposal.
 The company agreed to pay about $240 million as working capital and other expenses while divesting two-thirds of its copper assets to Cuprum Holding Group, owned by former Chairman Vladimir Kim and Kazakh operations head Eduard Ogay, according to a statement today.
 Civil War The Malaysian plane crashed in the main battleground of Ukraine’s civil war and is one of a number to have been downed in the region in the past month.
 BYD Co, the electric automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, climbed 36 percent to HK$4890 as of 11:47 am.
 Aberdeen owned 74 percent of the Hong Kong-based target as of July 1, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Aberdeen owned 68 percent of OCBC as of May 7, an investment worth about $19 billion as of today’s prices, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 The Istanbul airport, owned by Malaysia Airports Holdings and Limak Yatirim of Turkey, will choose adviser banks after a previous attempt to sell 500 million euros ($681 million) of bonds was shelved last year, Chief Executive Officer Gokhan Bugday said in an interview.
 ‘Positive Rises’ Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, the largest state-owned British lender, said on July 25 it expects first-half pretax profit to rise to 265 billion pounds from 137 billion pounds a year earlier.
 Horta-Osorio said he’ll ask regulators this year to approve his plan to resume dividends to help smooth the 25 percent government-owned bank’s return to full private ownership.
 A ban on European purchases of bonds or shares sold by Russian state-owned banks is among options being weighed by the European Union, according to a proposal presented to member states.
 “With a wholly owned asset in a large market and worldwide right rights now with further improved economics, we see full strategic options on the table for PBYI including a potential acquisition,” Liang wrote.
 The Ibovespa entered a bull market on May 7, surging 20 percent from this year’s low, as Petrobras rallied on speculation a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Aluminum Supply The issue came to Senator Brown’s attention after companies such as Denver-based brewer MillerCoors LLC complained that LME-authorized warehouse operators including Metro International Trade Services LLC, a unit of Goldman Sachs Group Inc, and Glencore Plc-owned Pacorini Metals were creating artificial limits on aluminum supply.
 The period at warehouses owned by Pacorini in Vlissingen lengthened to 774 days from 716 in May.
 “That would be completely unacceptable for bereaved families in Australia and right around the world” International anger has grown in the aftermath of the downed flight, for which Ukraine and its allies in the US.
 Photographs of debris from the downed Malaysian jet show what seem to be telltale holes left by a missile strike on the Boeing Co.
 Faurecia, 52 percent owned by PSA Peugeot Citroen, is expanding in Asia and North America to lower its reliance on Europe, where industrywide car sales are gradually recovering from a two-decade low.
 To cater to the wealthiest shoppers who want products few others have, widely available brands such as Louis Vuitton and Kering SA-owned Gucci are curbing expansion and adding more expensive goods.
 By offering something different, “we’re able to secure top-quality locations” next to brands such as LVMH-owned Fendi and Givenchy, while keeping the shopping experience intimate.
 The stock is up 69 percent since Khadem Al Qubaisi, who chairs both Arabtec and Aabar, said July 2 the Abu Dhabi government-owned company may rebuild its holding in the Dubai-based builder.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, lost 45 percent.
 It’s uncertain whether Eastdil Secured LLC, the real estate investment bank owned by Wells Fargo & Co, will keep its stake in Green Street, which is less than 5 percent, Leupold said.
 Eurobank SA, the third-biggest bank unable to draw private investment last year, is now majority owned by private investors.
 “You can be short the company through the CDS, and not be interested in a proactive restructuring of the debt that benefits the company” ‘Held Hostage’ Investors who want to protect Caesars debt from default for a year had to pay 328 percentage points upfront on June 25, compared with 575 percentage points in May, according to data compiled by CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 EU governments agreed on their most sweeping sanctions against Russia to date, barring state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and barring the sale of technology with military uses.
 penalties against three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder, adding to restrictions announced two weeks ago.
 Ma’aden is 50 percent owned by the government of Saudi Arabia.
 The rest will be extended by state-owned Japan Bank for International Cooperation, they said.
 It’s owned by Sempra Energy, GDF Suez, Mitsui & Co, and a joint venture between Mitsubishi Corp.
 Hellenic Telecom, 40 percent owned by Germany’s Deutsche Telekom AG, said its offer is on a debt-free, cash-free basis and Greek regulators would have to approve any deal.
 It has “exposed the systematic corruption to the core” Rising up from the state-owned oil industry, Zhou commanded a security apparatus that took up a greater share of the budget than the military.
 that had been using the same route over eastern Ukraine as the downed Malaysian jetliner were ordered to avoid an area previously deemed safe.
 Palo Alto, California-based VMware is majority-owned by EMC Corp.
 Warplanes Downed Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in a statement on his website that Australian Premier Tony Abbott offered to send guards to the site.
 The rebels downed the Su-25 ground-attack aircraft yesterday over the Donetsk region, Oleksiy Dmytrashkovsky, a Defense Ministry spokesman, said by phone.
 The largest SEFs by volume of transactions include ones owned by ICAP Plc, Tullett Prebon Plc, Cie.
 Metalloinvest Holding Co, the Russian iron-ore producer owned by billionaire Alisher Usmanov, got a $12 billion loan in March amid the Crimea crisis, and fertilizer maker OAO Acron raised $400 million in April.
 said insurance will cover most costs related to the theft of truckloads of merchandise from a factory in Sao Paulo owned by the world’s largest smartphone maker.
 Markets OAO Gazprombank, Russia’s third-largest lender, and eight state-owned defense firms also face the penalties.
 Vodacom Group Ltd, the African mobile operator that’s 65 percent owned by Vodafone, said data revenue jumped 23 percent last quarter, pushing total sales up 43 percent as customers in Tanzania, Mozambique and Lesotho signed up for service.
 “The only economic value of these purchases to Williamson is to frustrate MEC’s ability to execute its mining plans” Several Suits Closely held Murray is owned by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert E.
 Global Interest Terma, owned by Thrige Holding A/S, is garnering interest outside Denmark.
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, reported that it had 7,388 past-due graincars that were an average of 266 days late as of July 7, the USDA said yesterday.
 Mariana Matranga, a 38-year-old chemical engineer and adviser to a director of state-owned YPF SA since August 2012, was appointed by the federal government this week to replace Daniel Cameron, who held the post for 11 years.
 Elad spokesman Idan Wallace in Israel said the group no longer owned the property.
 And while there are branches of the discipline commission down to every province, town and even in state-owned enterprises, only 10 percent of the commission staff actually investigate, he said.
 Bradesco, led by Chief Executive Officer Luiz Carlos Trabuco Cappi, 62, is charging borrowers higher rates as state-owned banks become less aggressive in boosting their share of the loan market.
 They aren’t insurers, although some TPAs are owned by insurance companies, including UnitedHealth Group Inc’s subsidiary United Medical Resources and Aetna Inc’s Meritain Health.
 “They said, ’You guys figure it out,’ essentially” While the system may work for TPAs that are owned by insurers, Ferguson said that no independent TPA -- there are more than 300 in the US.
July 4 (Bloomberg) -- Weinstein Co, the studio owned by brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein, is considering options for its TV business, producer of the hit cable show “Project Runway,” including selling a stake in the unit.
 Contracts to buy previously owned US.
 sanctioned three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder that serves Russia’s navy and oil and gas industry, joining with the European Union today in escalating the penalties for Russia over its actions in Ukraine.
 “Mobile has an extra importance because it’s been able to bridge some of those gaps” Safaricom Ltd, which is 40 percent owned by Vodafone Group Plc and pioneered the mobile-money transfer service M-Pesa, is part of the reason Parsitau is less fearful when venturing from her home at night.
 The company, which is 748 percent owned by the state pension fund Social Security and National Insurance Trust and the government, is still discussing plans with its largest shareholders to raise at least 150 million cedis through a rights offer to ease debt costs, Manu said.
 Data showed the number of contracts to purchase previously owned US.
 Both companies are housed within PetroChina Co, state-owned CNPC’s largest listed unit.
 The number of Americans who signed contracts to buy previously owned homes unexpectedly declined in June, falling 11 percent from the month before, figures from the National Association of Realtors showed yesterday in Washington.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Russian stocks rose, erasing earlier losses, as OAO Magnit and OAO Uralkali gained, outweighing concern the European Union may impose curbs on financing for state-owned lenders.
 A ban on European purchases of bonds or shares sold by Russia’s state-owned banks is among options being weighed by the EU over Russia’s actions in Ukraine, according to a proposal presented to member states.
 Helvetia is bidding for all the 221 million shares except a 19 percent stake already owned by Helvetia and Patria cooperative.
 Chief Executive Officer Shayne Nelson said the bank’s exposure to Dubai World, which reached a deal with creditors in March 2011 on $147 billion of debt, fell by 22 percent to 91 billion dirhams during the quarter after the state-owned company made a repayment.
 The proposal would encourage higher use of natural gas generators such as those owned by Calpine, since gas plants release about half the amount of carbon as coal units, UBS said in its note.
 Prosecutors and regulators have said they are continuing to investigate traders at New York-based Jefferies, owned by Leucadia National Corp.
 over a family-owned Hong Kong bank.
 Buying Race Wing Hang is among the last remaining family-owned banks in Hong Kong, a hub for crossborder financing and a launchpad into mainland China’s financial services market.
 Elliott owned about 9 percent of Henderson Investment.
 In April 2008, minority shareholders of Pacific Century Premium Developments Ltd, then 16 percent-owned by Elliott, blocked a buyout by parent PCCW Ltd.
 have been handling a growing share of loans backed by government-owned Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as banks seek to shed the job of collecting mortgage payments and dealing with delinquent borrowers.
 The deal is the second agreed by the company, owned by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd, at the Farnborough Air Show this week and brings the total number of orders, including options, to as many as 375.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Allied Irish Banks Plc, the state-owned lender being prepared for a stake sale, returned to profit in the first half as loan losses plunged and interest income soared.
 It’s owned by units of Marathon Petroleum Corp, Valero Energy Corp.
 “Many of their revenues are basically global so I don’t think there’s going to be a marked increase in volumes as a result of this conflict” Government-owned Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd.
 The stock has advanced 72 percent since Khadem Al Qubaisi, who chairs both Arabtec and Aabar, said July 2 the Abu Dhabi government-owned company may rebuild its holding in the Dubai-based builder.
July 29 (Bloomberg) -- Solar Power Inc, a renewable-power developer majority-owned by China’s LDK Solar Co, agreed to sell $25 million in equity in the company’s second private placement in two weeks.
 Sales of previously owned US.
 -Sales of previously owned US.
 Previously owned home sales account for about 90 percent of the US.
 “Whether I owned it or not was totally irrelevant to me” Austin purchased a struggling ear-mold manufacturer named Starkey Laboratories Inc.
July 9 (Bloomberg) -- China told the nation’s three state-owned wireless carriers to cut marketing expenses because they overspent on subsidies and advertising for devices such as Apple Inc’s iPhone, people familiar with the matter said.
 The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told the carriers to cut promotional spending by a combined 40 billion yuan ($64 billion) in three years, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the order hasn’t been made public.
 “Of course due to the cost competitiveness of local vendors, they are likely to benefit more than foreign brands” The three state-owned carriers are China Mobile Communications Corp, China United Network Communications Ltd.
 Israel struck back against fire from the Gaza Strip, Syria and Lebanon and downed a Palestinian drone that breached its airspace as thousands of Palestinians fled their homes in advance of a possible ground invasion.
 Once the transaction is finished, Holcim will have indirect control of Bamburi, which is 586 percent owned by two of Lafarge’s units -- Fincem Holding Ltd.
July 25 (Bloomberg) -- An international salvage force including United Nations and French troops rushed to secure the site of the downed Air Algerie MD-83, which crashed in Mali en route to Algiers from Burkina Faso, leaving no survivors.
 State-owned lender SBAB has a 140 percent rate on its savings account.
 Dubai stocks rose yesterday, erasing a loss of more than 5 percent to close 32 percent higher as Amlak Finance PJSC, a mortgage lender 45 percent owned by Emaar, said it proposed a new restructuring plan to creditors on June 5.
 The debt negotiations are among the last to be resolved by the emirate after Dubai Group LLC, an investment company owned by the sheikhdom’s ruler, completed a $6 billion deal with lenders in January.
 Citic Resources Citic Resources, the commodities trader controlled by China’s largest state-owned investment company, filed a claim against the bonded warehouse operator at Qingdao in the city’s maritime court seeking confirmation it owns alumina and copper held there, it said in a July 7 statement.
 RenCap, the brokerage owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, started operations in Africa in 2006 and has opened offices in Johannesburg, Nairobi and Lagos in a bid to tap economic growth across the continent.
 Declining Dynasties The sale marks the continued decline of American media dynasties, a once-thriving and elite group that had included the Chandlers, who owned the Los Angeles Times until a 2000 merger with Tribune Co; the Bancrofts, who sold the Wall Street Journal to Rupert Murdoch; and the Graham family, which landed a new owner for the Washington Post in Amazoncom Inc.
 In a May 14 letter to Sony Corp, Third Point LLC’s Daniel Loeb said one way Sony might increase profits is to “review its world-renowned intellectual property catalog to determine whether any of its patents might be monetized without harming business prospects” Patent Alliance Google Inc.
 MegaFon, controlled by Russia’s richest man Alisher Usmanovand co-owned by Sweden’s TeliaSonera AB (TLSN), competes withbillionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov’s OAO Mobile TeleSystems (MBT) forleadership in the country’s growing mobile-data market.
 About 37 options betting on upside in the VIX are owned for every one wagering on its decline, the highest call-to-put ratio for the contracts since before the financial crisis.
 Newmont’s Indonesia mine is part owned by local government in a deal that was financed by companies owned by the family of Aburizal Bakrie, the head of the Golkar party that also joined Prabowo’s coalition.
 grower, fields show “phenomenal yield potential,” said Todd Claussen, director of agronomy at Ames-based Farmers Cooperative Co, the largest member-owned grain elevator and farm-supply company in the state.
 Sales of previously-owned US.
 As large investors such as American Homes gain access to lower-cost capital and develop greater management efficiencies, they will be positioned to buy smaller operators, said Singelyn, whose Agoura Hills, California-based company owned 25,505 homes at the end of the first quarter.
 New Tune Eni is 30 percent owned by the state, giving the prime minister power to appoint the CEO.
 and iron-ore miner Sesa Goa Ltd, both owned by billionaire Anil Agarwal, to form Sesa Sterlite took effect in August.
 “With Muscle Milk you get the leading share player in a significant growth category” CytoSport, owned by the founding Pickett family and private equity firm TSG Consumer Partners LLC, introduced Muscle Milk in 2000.
 The ready-to-drink bottled version, which is distributed by PepsiCo Inc, is the market leader ahead of Core Power, owned by Chicago-based Fairlife LLC and distributed by stakeholder Coca-Cola Co.
 The Dubai-based company part-owned by Emaar Properties PJSC met lenders last month to present the deal, a spokesman confirmed in an e-mailed response to questions.
 Orange is 27 percent owned by the French state and makes about half its sales at home.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- A Chinese-owned company blocked by President Barack Obama from developing a windfarm near a Navy base in Oregon opened a crack in the secret process used to weigh national security risks posed by foreign investors.
 Court of Appeals in Washington today ruled that Ralls Corp, owned by two Chinese nationals, must be allowed to challenge evidence the president drew on to decide that the company had to sell all assets and operations connected to the Oregon wind-farm project.
 Ralls, a Delaware-based company owned by executives of China-based Sany Group Co, sued Obama and CFIUS in 2012 for barring the wind-farm development near an area where the Navy conducts training for bombing and air combat maneuvers, according to the base’s website.
July 31 (Bloomberg) -- Republican lawmakers opened an investigation into why a company owned by a campaign donor to US.
 The waiver, first reported by Bloomberg News on July 22, gives Grain a chance at bidding preferences reserved for small, women- and minority-owned businesses for an airwaves auction in November.
 “The granting of the Grain Management waiver raises questions about these processes” The company is owned by David Grain, who identifies as African-American in a company filing to the FCC.
 Without a waiver the FCC would have to include the wireless titans’ revenue when deciding whether Grain met criteria under the preferential rules for small, women- and minority-owned businesses.
 Grain received the airwaves last year from the carriers, an arrangement that furthers FCC goals by extending opportunity in the wireless market to a minority-owned business, the deal’s participants told the agency in a proposal.
 The company, which is 39 percent owned by Fox is in talks to buy Fox’s Italian and German units.
 The European Commission today presented a package of measures including the option of banning purchases of bonds or shares sold by Russia’s state owned banks.
 Norway’s wealth fund owned a 06 percent share of Rosneft at the end of last year, according to its annual report.
July 2 (Bloomberg) -- Abu Dhabi’s state-owned Aabar Investments PJSC is weighing whether to increase its stake in Dubai construction company Arabtec Holding Co.
 Al Qubaisi said he understood that Ismaik owned the stake under “different names or different people” He also said he was confident there was no corruption or impropriety linked to the outgoing CEO.
July 28 (Bloomberg) -- Virgin America Inc, the airline partly owned by UK.
 A vehicle owned by Virgin America’s employees will sell 175 million of the shares in the offering.
 The rest of the US-held stake is owned by a group of investors including Virgin America Chairman Donald Carty, a former chief executive at American Airlines.
 sales, will add a mid-sized sport-utility vehicle in 2016 to its factory in Tennessee that’s been a battleground for labor seeking to organize at foreign-owned carmakers in the US.
 “There are questions about the sustainability of the recovery in Europe, so that’s something people are watching” Commercial Paper Phone company Oi slumped 14 percent, the most on the Ibovespa, after Portugal Telecom said it holds 897 million euros ($12 billion) of commercial paper from a fully owned subsidiary of Espirito Santo International.
 The Brazilian equities gauge climbed on speculation the national soccer team’s World Cup loss will hurt President Dilma Rousseff’s re-election prospects amid bets that a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Apart from Corporate Bank and First Investment, Bulgaria’s major banks are foreign-owned.
 The death toll doesn’t include the 298 killed onboard Malaysian Air’s flight downed over rebel-held territory on July 17.
 Now he avoids Russian stations as much as he practically can and tries fills his car up at stations supplied by Lithuanian refiner Orlen Lietuva, owned by Poland’s PKN Orlen SA.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- YPF SA said a one-day strike by 23,000 workers in the oil-and-gas-rich Neuquen basin in Argentina will cost the state-owned oil producer as much as $12 million.
 in television appearances, likened the company to a mafia operation and said its distributor-owned clubs lose $12,000 each per year, on average.
 The deal means that black empowerment group Ponahalo Holdings Ltd, which owned 26 percent of the mining operation, now also has a 26 percent stake in the trading arm.
 The government announced after the market close that it will choose six state-owned enterprises for a reform trial including COFCO Corp.
 The government will start a trial giving some state-owned companies more independence in making investment decisions and hiring top executives, two people familiar with the matter said yesterday.
 The move may mark an acceleration in China’s plan to overhaul its state-owned enterprises.
 State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission chose State Development & Investment Corp.
 The storm “shattered windows, punctured roofs and downed trees onto homes, structures and vehicles” State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co.
 “In addition, some companies have gained a lot recently on bets that the government will change, but it’s too early to say what will happen” The Ibovespa has surged 27 percent from this year’s low on March 14 on speculation a new government would bolster the economy and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 The gauge has surged 28 percent from this year’s low on March 14 on bets a new administration would bolster the economy and reduce intervention at state-owned companies.
 Seven of the 10 most-owned options are calls, with $7250 contracts expiring next month attracting the highest ownership.
 Know-How In addition to Japan, where sales fell 63 percent, watches showed weakness, with sales in that category declining 15 percent, hurt by lighter wholesale demand in China, said Hermes, which is partly owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA.
 It threatens Ecclestone’s control of the international motor-racing championship he has owned or run since 1995.
 The government also banned transactions with a state-owned shipbuilder that serves the Russia’s oil-and-gas industry and navy.
 The EU yesterday agreed to bar state-owned Russian lenders from raising capital in the club’s 28 member states.
July 10 (Bloomberg) -- Rottapharm Madaus, a family owned Italian drugmaker, pulled a plan to sell shares to the public, its second failed attempt at getting funds in two years.
 The offer was comprised of 50 million shares owned by Fidim, or 25 percent of capital, priced at a range of 725 euros to 9 euros a share.
 In February, Suez, 357 percent-owned by energy producer GDF Suez SA, said the market “may have hit bottom” last year.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company, which releases its annual review tomorrow, may have increased the value of its holdings by about 4 percent to a record S$224 billion ($180 billion) in the year to March 31, according to CIMB Research Pte and Institutional Investor’s Sovereign Wealth Center.
 British lender Standard Chartered Plc, 18 percent-owned by Temasek, lost 18 percent.
 Expanding Abroad Temasek originally served as an owner of shares in former state-owned companies and began directly investing in foreign equities in 2002.
 The investors argued in their suit, which was filed in December, that the Malkins wrongfully turned down higher offers for the skyscraper by itself in order to drive up the value of 17 other Malkin-owned buildings by making the Empire State Building the centerpiece of a real estate investment trust.
 LCI would have been the third free news channel, alongside NextRadioTV’s BFMTV and ITELE, owned by Canal Plus.
 Canal Plus released a statement saying that the regulator’s decision was “wise and responsible” Two other channels, Paris Premiere, owned by M6, and Planete+, owned by Canal Plus, were also denied access to the free-channel market by the CSA.
 The most-owned contract on the Nifty as of yesterday was a July 8,000 call, which has an exercise level 49 percent above yesterday’s close, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
July 4 (Bloomberg) -- China is replacing imported servers after the successful trial of a local brand by a state-owned bank as the nation steps-up a campaign for information security, the official People’s Daily newspaper reported today.
 One possibility is that Gol and competitor Tam, owned by Santiago-based Latam Airlines Group SA, may decide to create units to focus on regional flying, Franco said.
 Reynolds American Inc, 42 percent ownedby BAT, this month agreed to buy Lorillard Inc, leaving theUS.
 “The size of our audience on our owned and operated properties is two to three times that of just our monthly active user base, which we believe ranks us among the top 10 largest digitally connected audiences in the world,” he said.
 Malaysian transportation officials yesterday took custody of the black boxes from downed Flight MH17, and the Netherlands declared a day of mourning in preparation for the arrival of the first bodies from Ukraine.
 Scrutiny of the group has intensified after President Park Geun Hye’s government banned family-owned chaebol from creating new cross shareholdings and the elder Lee was hospitalized following a heart attack in May.
 The EU this week announced its most sweeping sanctions against Russia to date, barring state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe as well as restricting sales of oil-industry equipment and military technology.
 Vladimir Dmitriev, chairman of state-owned Vnesheconombank, said yesterday he plans to tell the lender’s board all the proposals presented to creditors and the government to help Mechel cut its debt would lead to losses.
 Pennsylvania Accident At least nine cars owned by rental-car companies are in the crash files as part of investigators’ evaluation of air-bag failures.
 “We expect to move quickly to seamlessly integrate these operations and realize the resulting synergies as we continue to grow our business” American Homes 4 Rent owned 25,505 homes in 22 states as of March 31.
 “It also means a greater chance of a dividend increase” Great-West, majority owned by the billionaire Desmarais family through their Montreal-based Power Corp.
 Time Warner Cable has a long-term contract with SportsNet LA, a regional network owned by the Dodgers, and about 70 percent of the Los Angeles market has been shut out of viewing the ball club’s games this season, Wheeler wrote.
 The pro-Russian rebels downed the Su-25 ground-attack aircraft yesterday over the Donetsk region, a Defense Ministry spokesman, Oleksiy Dmytrashkovsky, said by phone.
 Khazanah Nasional Bhd, Malaysia’s sovereign wealth fund, canceled plans to sell as much as $750 million of Islamic bonds exchangeable into shares of state-owned power producer Tenaga Nasional Bhd.
 China Petroleum, or Sinopec, said in February it was looking to sell as much as 30 percent of the business as the government encourages more private investment in state-owned industries.
 Cable companies owned by Televisa immediately started selling phone service.
 RBS, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, is winding down its distressed debt unit and selling off its riskier investments as it shrinks its US.
 Bright Food Group Co, the state-owned foodmaker Wang resigned from as chairman in November, was not implicated.
 President Xi Jinping’s anti-corruption campaign has entangled executives from state-owned companies including China Resources Holdings Co.
 Liberty Mutual is owned by its policyholders.
 “You can assume” that Arrow Energy Ltd, owned by Royal Dutch Shell Plc and PetroChina Co, is among the companies, he said.
 The Bellevue, Washington-based carrier is majority owned by Deutsche Telekom AG.
 After the deal, Edelman owned 8394 percent of Pegasus and Cao owned 1606 percent, it said.
 The government-owned HFSF is the biggest shareholder in Greece’s four biggest banks.
 Most bids in the May licensing round, where five of eight auctioned blocks received bids, weren’t compliant with the fiscal terms and will take longer than the two-month evaluation period cited by the state-owned Tanzanian Petroleum Development Corporation, Teneo said.
 The IRS contends that the arrangement Renaissance’s Medallion fund had with the banks, in which the fund owned option contracts rather than the underlying financial instruments, is a ruse and that the fund investors owe taxes at the higher rate.
 Because Medallion could claim that it owned just one asset -- the option -- and held it for more than a year, investors could declare their gains to be long-term investments.
 assured Chinese customers that location tracking on its iPhone can’t be used to identify activity of individuals, a day after China’s state-owned television broadcaster said the software poses a security risk.
 The report by CCTV on the iPhone came after China told its three state-owned wireless carriers to cut marketing expenses because they overspent on subsidies and advertising for devices such as the Apple handsets, people familiar with the matter said.
 The three state-owned carriers are China Mobile Communications, China United Network Communications Ltd.
 accounted for 164 percent, and Sogou Inc, 365 percent owned by Tencent, held 51 percent.
 Black Boxes Malaysian Air Flight MH17, which crashed a week ago yesterday, killing all 283 passengers, was probably downed by a ground-to-air missile strike in eastern Ukraine, US.
 Chesapeake holders received one share of Seventy Seven for every 14 Chesapeake shares they owned.
 Nexter, owned wholly by the French state through Giat Industries SA, makes military vehicles including the Leclerc tank and armored troop carrier Titus as well as armaments such as helicopter cannons, meaning the alliance would supply the main battle tanks for both the German and French armies.
 The initial indications were that it was downed by separatists, killing all 55 passengers and crew, according to ASN.
 Verso, owned by Leon Black’s Apollo Global Management LLC, needs bondholders to agree to a debt-reducing exchange in order to close a $14 billion deal to buy NewPage Holdings Inc.
 A ban on European purchases of bonds or shares sold by Russian state-owned banks is among options the EU is considering, according to a proposal presented to member states last week.
 Evolving Investments Temasek originally served as an owner of shares in former state-owned companies and began directly investing in foreign equities in 2002.
 “If those trends continue, it will allow us to plan for a better Ireland, for investment in housing in education and key social services such as health” The new Labour leader, currently minister for social protection, said that the 2 billion euros of spending cuts and tax increases planned for next year’s budget “doesn’t make sense” amid signs of economic improvement, according to an interview with state-owned RTE Radio on June 25.
 isn’t yet certain who downed the Malaysian airliner.
 Power Shortages The state-owned company, which supplies 95 percent of electricity in the country, is building the facilities to relieve power shortages that have constricted the economy.
 While UBS AG says the magnitude of yesterday’s 7-1 loss for the soccer-obsessed nation could curb the gains as consumer and investor confidence crumbles, the possibility of a new government that would intervene less in state-owned companies is enough to support stocks in the short term, ING Groep NV says.
 During the second quarter, the Union Pacific’s loads rose 82 percent while those of BNSF, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, gained 49 percent.
 The Manhattan-sized rock formation, owned by the Bureau of Land Management, is being wound down with its reserves “effectively sold out by 2021,” according to Nick Haines, helium chief at Munich-based Linde, the world’s No.
 Of the 10 most-owned contracts on EEM, eight were bearish.
 Traders owned more bearish options than bullish ones, holding 42 million puts on July 2, compared with 29 million calls, according to the data.
 Since November, Wall Street has issued $3 billion of securities backed by houses owned by Blackstone, Colony and American Homes 4 Rent, giving the landlords cash for less than 2 percent above the London Interbank Offered Rate.
 Bond investors are becoming increasingly concerned Pacific Rubiales will fail to strike a deal with Colombia’s state-owned Ecopetrol SA to continue drilling at the Rubiales field after its contract expires in 2016.
 RakNet, owned by Jenkins Software LLC and based in Costa Mesa, California, makes a game-networking engine that is now open source, or available to anyone who wants to use it, Oculus said today on its blog.
 Iusacell is co-owned by Mexican broadcaster Grupo Televisa SAB and by billionaire Ricardo Salinas.
 The company is a joint venture between Cia Mocambicana de Hidrocarbonetos and Portos & Caminhos de Ferro de Mocambique, which are both state-owned.
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Wisconsin has hired financial advisers and a broker for the potential sale of state-owned power and heating plants -- and Wisconsin Energy Corp.
 For-profit hospitals, including those owned by HCA Holdings Inc, Community Health Systems Inc, Tenet Healthcare Corp.
 The bank is owned by Saudi Arabia’s Saad Group.
 “Saad Investments Co/Awal” owned 119 percent of Petra as of July 8, the second-largest shareholder, according to a filing by the diamond company.
Abu Dhabi’s state-owned AabarInvestments PJSC is weighing whether to increase its stake inDubai construction company Arabtec Holding Co.
 Al Qubaisi said he understood that Ismaikowned the stake under “different names or different people”He also said he was confident there was no corruption orimpropriety linked to the outgoing CEO.
 “However, BP will continue to keep this under review” EU governments agreed today in Brussels to bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry, a key prop for Russia’s economy, two EU officials told reporters.
 Moonves, who spoke to reporters today at a Television Critics Association event in Beverly Hills, California, said in the past he’s discussed “doing something with CNN,” the pioneering cable channel owned by New York-based Time Warner, with his CBS News on broadcast.
 The benchmark Ibovespa has already surged 28 percent from this year’s low on March 14 on speculation a change in government will lead to less meddling in state-owned companies.
 Standard Bank, which has operations in Beijing and is 20 percent owned by the Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd, is involved in commodities trading in regions including China, South Africa and London.
 Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, a Republican, yesterday signed legislation that lets Tesla operate as many as five company-owned stores in the state.
 Cuba received about 90,000 barrels a day of subsidized oil from Venezuela in 2013, according to state-owned oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA.
 EU governments agreed today to bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry.
 It then operates in China through a wholly foreign-owned subsidiary and a VIE with the latter containing the parts of the business, such as the license to operate an Internet company, that are off limits to foreign ownership.
 The government also banned transactions with a state-owned shipbuilder that serves Russia’s oil-and-gas industry and navy.
 Kabel Deutschland, which is majority owned by Vodafone Group Plc, said Germany’s former phone monopoly was abusing its market position by continuing to charge that price.
 Clearinghouses such as LCH Clearnet, majority owned by the London Stock Exchange Group Plc, and Deutsche Boerse AG’s Eurex Clearing operate as central counterparties for every buy and sell order executed.
 Listing Candidates Bangkok Airways Pcl, a real estate investment trust from Bangkok Land Pcl’s exhibition unit, and infrastructure funds from state-owned Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand and Jasmine International Pcl, are among the main listings in the second half of 2014, Chanitr said.
 Tensions remained high over the crisis in Ukraine, a week after a Malaysian jet carrying 298 people was downed in the eastern part of the country.
 Investors are also watching developments in Ukraine, where the Defense Ministry today said rebels in the eastern part of the country downed two government fighters.
 An EU official told reporters that the 28-member group agreed to block Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry.
 The Chilean state-owned copper company said in a statement that it raised 600 million euros ($819 million) today.
 CEO Antonio Horta-Osorio is seeking to return the 25 percent government-owned bank to full private ownership, after the UK.
 Iusacell is co-owned by Televisa and billionaire Ricardo Salinas.
 “You want to know what real crony capitalism looks like? It looks like the government of China supporting state-owned enterprises with opaque subsidies and outrageous financing terms,” he said, according to prepared remarks.
July 11 (Bloomberg) -- China’s state-owned national television broadcaster said a feature of Apple Inc’s iPhone software that tracks user locations poses a security concern.
 and state-owned National Aluminium Co.
 for the privately owned maker of the Capri Sun juice drink and natural flavorings for beverage and food, the people said, asking not to be named as the matter isn’t public.
 Deals that are more likely to take place include a combination of Hutchison’s Three unit in Italy with Wind, owned by VimpelCom Ltd, and takeovers involving TeliaSonera AB’s Yoigo business in Spain and Bouygues SA’s mobile division in France, according to Vincent Maulay, an analyst at Oddo & Cie.
 MTR is 763 percent owned by Hong Kong’s government, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The investment bank, which is ownedby Leucadia National Corp.
July 7 (Bloomberg) -- Thieves held hundreds of employees hostage as they hauled away truckloads of merchandise from a factory in Sao Paulo owned by Samsung Electronics Co, the world’s largest smartphone maker.
July 10 (Bloomberg) -- Aer Lingus Group Plc, the Irish airline part-owned by Ryanair Holdings Plc, said former TNT Express NV executive Bernard Bot will take over as chief financial officer later this year.
 Britain’s largest state-owned lender said it expects pretax profit of 265 billion pounds, up from 137 billion pounds a year earlier, according to a statement today.
 The Packers are the only publicly owned franchise in major North American sports leagues and offer a rare look at the financial operations of a National Football League team.
 has been a publicly owned, non-profit corporation since August 1932, according to the team’s website.
 In Northern California, PG&E Corp’s Pacific Gas and Electric Co, which operates the largest investor-owned hydroelectric system in the US, said it was catching water at the beginning of this year to use when demand peaks.
 The 28-member bloc is also considering a ban on European purchases of bonds or shares sold by Russia’s state-owned banks among the options for stepped-up measures against the Kremlin, according to a proposal presented to member states.
 “We remain positive on Russian privately owned companies and consumption-related stories” The US.
 The government in 2012 approved a plan to sell parts of state-owned stakes in PGE as well as PKO Bank Polski SA, insurer PZU SA and chemical group Ciech SA to help quicken investments through the fund.
 WL Ross & Co, the private-equity firm controlled by Wilbur Ross, owned about 24 percent of Sun’s stock as of March 31, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Its largest customer is state-owned utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, which relies on the fuel for 85 percent of generation and is struggling to meet demand in the continent’s second-biggest economy.
 Hungary’s mostly western-owned banks have lost billions of euros since 2008 because of foreign-currency mortgages and loans they gave to households.
 to acquire some assets and brands owned by the US.
 action also blocks the assets of eight state-owned defense firms, including weapons-maker Kalashnikov Concern, which manufactures its namesake assault rifle.
July 18 (Bloomberg) -- Rob Von Boltog waved friends and family goodbye as they prepared to fly from Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport to Kuala Lumpur en route to Indonesia, hours after a missile downed an earlier flight on a similar route.
 Rongsheng’s woes illustrate the difficulties private Chinese shipbuilders face competing in an industry dominated by state-owned yards with government backing and easier access to financing.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest government-owned lender, agreed to sell its remaining stake in its buyout unit to Adams Street Partners LLC in May, while HSBC Holdings Plc hired Campbell Lutyens & Co.
 Citic Pacific is raising funds through share sales in order to buy $36 billion of assets from its state-owned Chinese parent.
 SacOil Chief Executive Officer Thabo Kgogo, who previously served as state-owned PetroSA’s chief operating officer, started the job last month.
 Clashes between Renamo and security forces disrupted public transportation in Sofala and the movement of coal by rail to the coast from mines owned by Rio Tinto Plc and Vale SA last year.
 said location tracking functions of its software can’t be used to identify activity of individuals in China as it seeks to refute claims on state-owned media that its iPhones pose a security risk.
 The report by CCTV on the iPhone came after China told its state-owned wireless carriers to cut marketing expenses because they overspent on subsidies and advertising for devices such as the Apple handsets, people familiar with the matter said.
 Council President Darrell Clarke said nothing today during the council’s last meeting before its summer recess regarding the sale of Philadelphia Gas Works, the nation’s largest municipally-owned gas utility.
 The company also announced a structural reorganization of its divisions and said it would tighten control of Enersis through the purchase of the 6062 percent owned by Endesa by Enel Energy Europe.
July 17 (Bloomberg) -- ASR Nederland NV, the Dutch state-owned insurer, started talks with about 20 investors to sell a stake to help finance a possible bid for Reaal NV, Chief Financial Officer Chris Figee said.
 The potential sale of Reaal, an insurer which is also government-owned, follows the 154 billion euros ($21 billion) that ING Groep NV raised from the sale of shares in its insurer NN Group NV on July 2.
 Yesterday, Fox announced a deal to consolidate its European satellite TV assets within its 39 percent owned British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc.
 “If Aabar decides to buy anything more than 50 percent of Ismaik’s ownership, it will be positive for the stock” The Abu Dhabi state-owned investment company is negotiating a price of 5 dirhams to 6 dirhams a share, the person said.
 “This all points to some kind of burden sharing and the subordinated bonds are prime candidates” The lender is 20 percent owned by Espirito Santo Financial Group.
 That in turn is 49 percent owned by Espirito Santo Irmaos SGPS SA, which is fully owned by Rioforte Investments SA.
 Rioforte is fully owned by Espirito Santo International SA, the company that missed payments on commercial paper.
 single-family landlord after amassing 45,000 houses since early 2012, has led Wall Street’s issuance of $3 billion of securities backed by properties owned by one company.
 investor-owned or vacation houses were without a mortgage as of last month, based on data from property-research firm RealtyTrac, implying investors in about 7 million homes could get cash-out mortgage financing to buy more real estate or make other investments.
 fell to an eight-week low on concern tests of its oil-recovery technology won’t be enough to persuade state-owned producer Ecopetrol SA to use it in Colombia’s largest field.
 real estate that its market value now surpasses that of Realogy Corp, owner of renowned brokerage brands from Coldwell Banker to Century 21.
 Logging in government-owned areas plunged 76 percent to less than 3 million board feet from more than 11 million, from in 1988 to 1994, due largely to objections from environmentalists, said Jannke, whose company has worked with Weyerhaeuser Co, Potlatch Corp.
 Anticipating an eventual return of customers, Sans invested in the business throughout the crisis, hiring New York architect William Sofield to do a 2011 redesign of his store housed in a building owned by Amancio Ortega, who became Spain’s richest man after founding mass-market clothing retailer Inditex SA.
 Spain’s family-owned firms of luxury apparel makers are no strangers to turbulent economic times, said Lopez Larrainzar.
 Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc, the Atlanta-based REIT managed by Invesco Ltd, owned $431 million of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities, with a value of $5066 million, on June 30, according to an earnings statement.
 El Carajo International Tapas & Wine, Miami, FL Photograph via Conde Nast Traveler Bohemian, New York City Below an Asian butcher shop in a building formerly owned by Andy Warhol lies this zen restaurant where you can feast on a $55 six-course tasting menu of Japanese fare.
 North Sea Repsol previously considered an acquisition of Pacific Rubiales Energy Corp, Latin America’s largest non-state-owned oil producer, though it decided for the time being not to pursue a deal, people familiar with the matter said in March.
 It’s bidding for all the 221 million shares except a 19 percent stake already owned by Helvetia and Patria cooperative.
 action also blocks the assets of eight state-owned defense firms, including Kalashnikov Concern, which manufactures its namesake assault rifle.
 EU governments had earlier in the day agreed to bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry.
 Russian state-owned lenders, including VTB Group, OAO Sberbank, OAO Gazprombank and Vnesheconombank, have more debt to repay in euros, dollars and Swiss francs than they do in rubles over the next three years, according to data collated by Bloomberg.
 officials have said was probably downed by a missile fired by pro-Russian rebels.
 Phillips, a boutique auctioneer owned by Russia’s luxury retailer Mercury Group, held the smallest of the three evening sales.
 There’s very little they can do to force us to do anything, they have to persuade us” BSkyB said May 12 that it’s considering bidding for 21st Century Fox Inc’s wholly-owned Sky Italia unit and its 57 percent stake in Sky Deutschland, adding that it doesn’t plan to pay a premium in a mandatory offer to existing shareholders.
 Fox, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, and London-based BSkyB, also part-owned by the billionaire, may reach an agreement in the next two weeks, people familiar with the talks said on July 20.
 Mobius, whose $12 billion Templeton Asian Growth Fund has outperformed 94 percent of peers this year, favors state-owned banks and energy companies because of their cheap valuations and the government’s plans to open up state-dominated industries.
 The 33-floor Upper West tower, owned by developer Strabag Real Estate GmbH, is valued at as much as 300 million euros ($400 million), according to two people with knowledge of the property.
 Vontobel, majority owned by a shareholder pool including the founding family of the same name, told investors in April that first-half performance may lag behind last year’s after a “challenging” first quarter.
 Vontobel said last month it will buy back a 125 percent stake owned by Swiss Raiffeisen amid legal wrangling related to a cooperation agreement.
 The company owned a 25 percent stake in BP Plc’s Macondo well, which spewed more than 4 million barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico.
 The state-owned producer, known as Saudi Aramco, is now targeting a cost of $2 to $3 per thousand cubic feet of tight gas, Adnan Kanaan, manager of the company’s Gas Reservoir Managing department said in a report published today by the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Japan suspended food imports from a US-owned Chinese meat-processor accused of selling products past their expiration dates as FamilyMart Co.
July 8 (Bloomberg) -- Citic Resources Holdings Ltd, the commodities trader controlled by China’s largest state-owned investment company, started legal action to recover materials missing from Qingdao port.
 The sites include Basildon, where Intercontinental Exchange has a 315,000-square-foot data center; Slough, home to a 226,000-square-foot facility owned by Equinix Inc.
 Air Force are now owned by Arqiva Ltd, a company that evolved out of the British Broadcasting Corp’s privatization of transmission facilities in 1997.
 last month agreed to buy BR Towers for about $1 billion, and Tim Participacoes SA, the mobile-phone provider owned by Telecom Italia SpA, has hired Morgan Stanley for its own sale of towers for about $1 billion, people familiar with the matter have said.
 that expires next year, the interior ministry said it would probably replace Verizon with Deutsche Telekom AG, Germany’s former state-owned telephone monopoly.
 The chain owned by Yum! Brands Inc.
 The strike follows a five-month stoppage by at least 70,000 workers at other mines owned by Impala and shafts operated by Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 “Companies are trying to restructure or refinance while the bond and loan market conditions are good” Amlak’s debt negotiations are among the last to be resolved by the emirate after Dubai Group LLC, an investment company owned by the sheikhdom’s ruler, completed a $6 billion deal with lenders in January.
 Economic Progress Dubai, the second-biggest of seven sheikhdoms that make up the United Arab Emirates, and its state-owned companies accumulated more than $110 billion of debt as it sought to develop its real-estate industry and transform into a tourism and financial services hub, the International Monetary Fund estimates.
 A report yesterday in Estrategia newspaper that Codelco, the state-owned copper producer, had canceled a construction contract with rival Sacyr SA may have helped lift Salfacorp and Besalco shares, Curtze said.
 In the past, unionizing efforts may have been limited to single stores or at McDonald’s that are owned by the same franchisee, he said.
 restaurants are owned by franchisees.
 bonds pared this week’s gains after surging yesterday when the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was downed by a missile and as Israeli troops moved into Gaza.
 Obama said the missile that downed the Malaysian plane was fired from an area in Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed separatists.
 No final decision has been made by the family-owned business, they said.
 GDP contracted 06 percent in the three months through March as 70,000 striking mineworkers shut shafts owned by Anglo American Platinum Ltd, Lonmin Plc and Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
July 31 (Bloomberg) -- Victoria’s Secret lost a trademark dispute with a chain of shirt stores when a London judge said the lingerie brand’s “Pink” clothing line could confuse customers with its “sexy, mass-market appeal” L Brands Inc’s Victoria’s Secret infringed trademark rights owned by London-based Thomas Pink Ltd, Judge Colin Birss said in a written decision.
 “We could potentially do the yogurt business on our own, but we are not a yogurt maker” Calbee, 20 percent-owned by PepsiCo Inc, is introducing new products and expanding into more overseas markets as it sees limited room for domestic growth because of the country’s declining population.
 He said the auction house wouldn’t rule out a partnership with an online business, adding, “we’re pleased with our progress and our success speaks for itself” Christie’s is a closely held company owned by the French billionaire Francois Pinault.
 Rig Refurbishment Eni will finish the refurbishment this month of the N’Goma, known as an FPSO and owned by Sonasing, said Paula Farquharson-Blengino, a spokeswoman for SBM Offshore NV.
 Founded by Clara and Russell Stover from their Denver home in 1923, the Kansas City, Missouri-based company sells products from almost 40 company-owned shops throughout the US.
 EU ambassadors will meet again today to weigh banning Russia’s state-owned lenders from its capital markets after the US.
 Russian state-owned lenders, including VTB Group, Sberbank, OAO Gazprombank and Vnesheconombank, have more debt to repay in euros, dollars and Swiss francs than they do in rubles over the next three years, according to data collated by Bloomberg.
 In court today, he said he plotted to bribe Indonesian officials and members of the country’s state-owned electricity company, Perusahaan Listrik Negara PT, to win a $118 million contract to provide power from facilities in Tarahan, on the southern coast of Sumatra, prosecutors said.
 In response, the National Community Reinvestment Commission and other advocacy groups are urging the two government-owned mortgage-finance companies to change their underwriting and pricing practices and create new loan products to help bring blacks, Hispanics and other minorities back into the housing market.
 Financial terms weren’t disclosed by either the company or team, which is part-owned by the New York Yankees.
 Manchester City’s parent, City Football Group, is owned by Abu Dhabi United Group, an investment and development company controlled by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
 Mexico broke its 75-year state monopoly on crude production last year with constitutional amendments that grant companies the right to drill with government-owned Petroleos Mexicanos or on their own.
 It marks Xi’s boldest move yet in an anti-graft campaign that’s nabbed dozens of regional cadres, ex-military officers, employees at state-owned enterprises and senior ministers.
 Among them have been several people with connections to Zhou and China’s oil industry, where Zhou spent three decades and rose to lead state-owned China National Petroleum Corp.
 Jiang Jiemin, previously CNPC’s chairman, was removed as head of the commission overseeing state-owned companies after the government on Sept.
 Contracts to buy previously owned US.
 That’s a blow to Lufthansa, since four of the newly-crowned champions -- Mesut Ozil, Sami Khedira, Lukas Podolski and Per Mertesacker -- sport the Emirates’ logo in their regular jobs, as does Ezequiel Lavezzi of runner-up Argentina.
 Dubai’s equities sank 22 percent in June, the steepest retreat in almost six years, after Abu Dhabi-owned Aabar Investments PJSC cut its stake in Arabtec to about 19 percent from 2157 percent.
 The slowdown came as Harper imposed limits in 2012 on oil-sands purchases by state-owned enterprises after having been pressured by Canadian oil companies to stop Chinese takeovers of local energy firms.
 The last major Canadian acquisition by a China-based company was PetroChina Co’s C$119 billion ($11 billion) purchase of a 499 percent stake in an Alberta shale formation one week after Harper’s state-owned enterprise ban.
 Then in December 2012, Harper unveiled the rules to prevent state-owned enterprises from acquiring control of oil sands businesses, even as he approved the Cnooc-Nexen deal.
 Organic beverage maker Honest Tea, owned by Coca-Cola, is, along with Ben & Jerry’s, a member of the “Just Label It” campaign, which advocates for mandatory GMO labeling nationwide.
 The State Bank of Vietnam devalued the dong on June 18 to help spur overseas sales after anti-China protests in May halted production at foreign-owned factories and caused Chinese workers to flee.
 “I don’t know of a precedent where a company has owned both brands and then has decided to position them like this” Favorites to Win Brazil and Argentina are among the favorites to make it to the World Cup final.
 Russian Sanctions EU measures that come into force today bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in the club’s 28 member states.
 Eight of the 10 most-owned options on the euro-area index are bearish.
 He could soon be drowned out by the sound of bagpipes.
 On June 14, a rebel anti-aircraft missile downed a military transport plane as it neared Luhansk airport, killing 49 soldiers.
 The court decided in a 5-4 vote in favor of the suit brought by Hobby Lobby, with 600 craft stores with at least 15,000 full-time employees, and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp, an East Earl, Pennsylvania-based company owned by a Mennonite family.
July 28 (Bloomberg) -- Fewer Americans than forecast signed contracts to buy previously owned homes in June, a sign residential real estate is struggling to strengthen.
 Home Sales Sales of previously owned homes rose in June to an eight-month high, with purchases increasing 26 percent to a 504 million annual rate, led by gains in all four US.
 Three other proposals that will open the electricity industry and set guidelines for state-owned companies will be discussed today and over the weekend.
 It also establishes a minimum 20 percent participation in cross-border fields for Pemex, as the state-owned company is known.
 Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said in May that lawmakers are committed to changing black ownership laws from 2008 that compel foreign- and white-owned companies to sell at least 51 percent of their shares to black investors.
 Brazil, South Korea European Union governments agreed yesterday to ban Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restrict the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and bar export of equipment with military uses.
 Sinclair, based in Hunt Valley, Maryland, is acquiring TV stations owned by the Allbritton family for $985 million, while Gannett bought Belo Corp, another TV station group, for $203 billion in December.
 A $1 billion IPO would be India’s biggest since 2010, when state-owned miner Coal India Ltd’s share sale raised $34 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Lodha may be competing for stock-market funding with the Indian government, which is planning to reduce its stakes in state-owned companies including Coal India and Power Finance Corp, said P.
 Aabar, an AbuDhabi state-owned investment company, is negotiating a price of5 dirhams to 6 dirhams a share ($136 to $163), the personsaid.
 BNY Mellon, the world’s biggest custody bank, agreed to rent about 350,000 square feet in the same building in the complex, owned by Brookfield Property Partners LP.
 The portfolio, known as Project Spring, is linked to real estate owned by Irish developer Gerry Conlan and is being sold at a discount, three people said in March.
 The Luxembourg-based company, 39 percent-owned by billionaire Mittal, operates an iron-ore mine in neighboring Liberia and is in talks with BHP about gaining a stake in the Nimba mine in Guinea.
 His departure was confirmed by Sarah Lukashok, a Stamford, Connecticut-based spokeswoman for Britain’s largest state-owned lender.
July 8 (Bloomberg) -- China told the nation’s state-owned wireless carriers to cut marketing expenses after concluding they spent too much on promoting high-end devices such as Apple Inc’s iPhone, according to people familiar with the matter.
 The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told the three carriers to cut spending on subsidies and advertising by a combined 40 billion yuan ($64 billion) in three years, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the order hasn’t been made public.
 The court accepted the plaintiffs’ argument that the $27 billion in tax claims used to justify the dismantlement was “for the sole benefit of the Russian state and state-owned companies, Rosneft and Gazprom” Khodorkovsky, Sechin The two companies can be targeted because they were beneficiaries of expropriated Yukos assets, said Yas Banifatemi, a lawyer for GML Ltd, formerly Group Menatep, the holding company set up by Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his partners before the businessman was arrested and sentenced to more than a decade in prison.
 court ordered a former Yukos subsidiary now owned by Rosneft to pay $186 million to a Luxembourg unit of Yukos.
 The Malaysian state-owned company is targeting a decision on the C$9 billion ($83 billion) to C$11 billion proposal by the end of this year.
 A German court found that the handsets produced by Google Inc-owned Motorola infringe a LPKF German patent, according to the BBC.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Data from the downed Malaysian jet’s black boxes has been successfully downloaded a week after the tragedy in east Ukraine, with the examination of bodies also under way as crash experts seek evidence of a missile strike.
 has suggested downed the jet with a Russian launcher, a charge the rebels deny.
 The device suspected to have downed the jet is designed to detonate short of the target, maximizing destructive power by flinging thousands of pieces of shrapnel across a wide area.
 Portugal Telecom said it holds 897 million euros of commercial paper from Rioforte Investments, a fully owned subsidiary of Espirito Santo International, which failed to make payments on some of its short-dated debt.
 Clearinghouses such as LCH Clearnet Group Ltd, majority owned by the London Stock Exchange Group Plc, and Deutsche Boerse AG’s Eurex Clearing operate as central counterparties for every buy and sell order executed.
 Verizon is still digesting its $130 billion acquisition of the 45 percent of Verizon Wireless that was owned by Vodafone Group Plc, a deal that closed in February.
 “It’s very hard to predict when it’s going to get better” ‘Not Good’ EU governments agreed on July 29 on their most sweeping sanctions against Russia to date, barring state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and prohibiting export of equipment with military uses.
 was among companies approved by China’s banking regulator to establish three privately owned lenders as the government eases restrictions on the state-controlled banking industry.
 The approvals are the latest step in a trial program the CBRC made public in March to create five privately owned banks focused on smaller businesses, most of which have little access to credit.
 Privately owned banks must have adequate net capital, a specific business strategy and a mechanism to prevent risks from spreading and to protect depositors’ interests, the CBRC’s Shang said in March.
 The studio, owned by Sweden’s closely held media company Bonnier AB, has kept preschool kids busy since releasing its first games, Helicopter Taxi and Toca Tea Party, in 2011.
 Stocks slumped earlier in the day as fewer Americans than forecast signed contracts to buy previously owned homes in June, a sign residential real estate is struggling to strengthen.
 Treasury Department stopped OAO Rosneft, which is part owned by Europe’s third-largest oil producer, from accessing America’s capital markets.
 The majority of striking employees at Scaw Metals Group, 74 percent owned by South Africa’s Industrial Development Corp, also returned to their jobs, according to the company.
 The missile that downed flight MH17 on July 17, killing all 298 people on board, came from an area held by pro-Russian insurgents, President Barack Obama said yesterday.
 It later admitted that a stray anti-aircraft missile downed the jet in error.
 The company is developing a pair of utility-scale solar projects, its largest to date, each costing $60 million, for “one of the largest investor-owned utilities in the US,” Wake Forest, North Carolina-based PowerSecure said today in a statement.
 The deal was designed to allow the lender, which is owned by the states of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein, to lower its capital needs and to stabilize its credit rating -- steps deemed crucial for a planned initial public offering, which was later scrapped.
 Most of the troubled lenders are Landesbanken, which are owned by German states and savings banks.
 They should have a say in what happens to their minerals” While a government-commissioned study from mid-2008 found just 9 percent of the industry was black-owned, its findings were rejected by the Chamber of Mines, which represents all the country’s main mining companies, including Anglo American Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd.
 The State Bank of Vietnam last week devalued the dong to help spur exports after anti-China protests in May halted production at foreign-owned factories and caused Chinese workers to flee.
 plane was downed in Ukraine, Chief Financial Officer Patrick de la Chevardiere said.
 “The shareholders will sell but itdepends on the price” Vox, which was bought by a group led by black-ownedinvestment company Lereko Metier for about 452 million rand ($42million) in 2011, would join a wave of developments in SouthAfrica’s telecommunications sector.
 Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, a Republican, yesterday signed legislation that lets Tesla operate as many as five company-owned stores in the state.
 The company signed a letter of intent in August with Russia’s state-owned Rostekhnologii for the sale of 100 Q400 turboprops valued at about $34 billion, based on list prices.
 First-time purchasers accounted for 28 percent of all sales of previously owned homes in June, compared with about 40 percent historically, according to the National Association of Realtors.
 Nuclearelectrica SA, Romania’s state-owned nuclear power generator, will keep a minority stake which has yet to be determined, according to Nita.
 Under a letter of intent announced in May, North Atlantic Drilling and at least one other Fredriksen-owned company are to provide as many as nine offshore rigs to Rosneft, Lundetrae said.
 European Union governments agreed yesterday on their most sweeping sanctions against Russia to date, barring state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and barring the sale of technology with military uses.
 penalties against three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder, adding to restrictions announced two weeks ago.
 The report discussed repealing laws that limit the geographic reach of commercial television ownership, and the variety of media -- among radio, newspapers and television -- that can be owned by a single entity in one area.
 Globalfoundries, owned by an investment arm of the government of Abu Dhabi, made an offer that was rejected by IBM as too low, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the negotiations are private.
 Prime Minister Matteo Renzi’s administration may broaden a “golden power” decree adopted in June that gives the government the right to veto deals in industries deemed to be of national interest to include communication networks owned by Italian companies abroad, the people said, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are confidential.
 Prices at GlobalDairyTrade, the international dairy auction owned by New Zealand’s Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd, fell 34 percent to about $143 a pound on July 15, compared with $215 on March 4, when US.
July 28 (Bloomberg) -- Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila fired the chief executive officer of Gecamines, the country’s state-owned of mining company, Prime Minister Augustin Matata Ponyo said.
 In contrast to state-owned companies that traditionally bought resources such as mines and oil fields to fuel the country’s soaring economy, Chinese entrepreneurs like Guo, 47, are looking overseas for brands, technology and financial assets that cater to the nation’s growing ranks of the affluent.
 You can call it teenage impulsiveness -- everyone was interested” After graduating, Guo worked at the university’s Communist Party Youth League for three years before answering a call by former Chinese paramount leader Deng Xiaoping in 1992 for the non-state owned economy to prosper.
 The next big opportunity came in the early 2000s as China started privatizing state-owned companies.
 In 2003, Fosun participated in the privatization of Nanjing Steel Group, previously owned by the Nanjing municipal government, according to the company.
 EQT, part-owned by the Wallenberg family and sporting about 7 billion euros ($95 billion) in available funds, has spent recent months acquiring fiber assets to consolidate the country’s more than 200 local networks, just as more Swedes start using streaming services such as Netflix.
 The proposal would ban subsidiaries or joint ventures that are at least 10 percent owned by an inverted corporation from getting contracts.
 Its biggest employer is government owned railroad Deutsche Bahn AG, according to the local IHK chamber of commerce, and the capital has the most welfare recipients among German states.
 SIG, which is owned by New Zealand-based Rank Group Ltd, appointed Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Rioforte is owned by Grupo Espirito Santo, or GES, one of Portugal Telecom’s largest shareholders with a 10 percent stake, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Implementation of the broadest economic reforms since the 1990s has been gradual since plans including opening state-owned enterprises to more competition were unveiled after a November conclave of party leaders.
 Among them have been several people with connections to Zhou and China’s oil industry, where Zhou spent three decades and rose to lead state-owned China National Petroleum Corp.
 ESPN and ABC have owned the English-language rights to the World Cup since 1994.
 The Financial Times reported yesterday that Peace has been urged to search for a new CEO, with Temasek Holdings Pte, the Singapore state-owned investment company that owns about 18 percent of the bank, pressing for a clearer succession plan, citing people it didn’t identify.
 to acquire some assets and brands owned by the US.
 He said efforts will continue to make the company “more agile and efficient” Croatia’s biggest phone company, 51 percent owned by Deutsche Telekom AG, is looking to expand beyond its traditional business to Internet, pay television, and mobile-phone services after profit shrank for a sixth year in 2013 because of the recession.
 Rebels downed two fighter jets in the east Ukrainian region of Donetsk, a Defense Ministry spokesman said.
 Because most drilling rights on privately owned land in the area have already been snapped up by corporations, explorers can only expand through acquisitions.
 Maryland Ban Last week Beretta, an Italian family-owned gun maker that has been making weapons in Maryland for about 40 years, added its name to the list of migration, announcing it’s moving production to Tennessee.
 State-owned China Petrochemical, known as Sinopec Group, is seeking to evolve into a shareholding company and let professionally-run, listed units handle businesses such as oil and gas exploration, engineering and oilfield services, Chairman Fu Chengyu said in March.
 (JALSH) The company is 42 percent owned by foreign investors, according to De Ruyter.
 “There was some skepticism in the beginning about what the factory will mean for the people who live here,” said Mark Kent, head of family-owned textile maker Kentwool in Greenville, about 15 miles (25 kilometers) southwest of the Spartanburg plant.
 While flexible labor rules in the non-union South helped BMW boost productivity, the United Auto Workers is targeting foreign-owned plants and narrowly missed organizing Wolfsburg, Germany-based VW’s new factory in Chattanooga this year.
 Tiger Air, which is 40 percent owned by Singapore Air, on July 24 reported a loss of S$652 million in the quarter ended in June, widening from a S$328 million loss a year earlier.
 Workers at Ssangyong Motor, 73 percent owned by India’s Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd, last week agreed with the company on a deal to include some bonuses into ordinary wages.
 That decision meant he was not among 298 people, of which at least 189 Dutch citizens, killed as the jetliner was downed over Ukraine.
July 9 (Bloomberg) -- A unit of Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc, the largest owner of TV stations in the US, is raising $105 billion in the junk-bond and loan markets to finance its acquisition of television stations owned by the Allbritton family.
 and the equity interest of Charleston Television LLC, which are both owned by the Allbritton family, Hunt Valley, Maryland-based Sinclair said in a separate statement.
 De Beers, owned by Anglo American Plc, and Russia’s OAO Alrosa are the two largest producers.
 PDVSA, as the state-owned oil company is known, “is currently seeking to monetize its ownership interest in us,” Citgo said in a July 29 bond prospectus document.
 “The market has played out most of the negative news” The EU’s most-sweeping sanctions against Russia ban state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restrict the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and bar the export of equipment with military uses.
 penalties were imposed on three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder, adding to sanctions announced two weeks ago.
 IndiGo is owned by InterGlobe Enterprises Ltd.
July 24 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, a low-cost carrier partly owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, said it’s seeking to forge alliances with other airlines to boost overseas revenue after losses widened.
 Lahrs is expanding the number of company-owned stores, hired designer Jason Wu and opened a new distribution center in Germany.
 Shares of Hugo Boss, which is majority owned by private-equity firm Permira Advisers LLP, have increased sixfold in the past five years, while Germany’s DAX Index almost doubled.
July 18 (Bloomberg) -- The deadly crash of a Malaysia Airlines passenger jet in Ukraine makes it harder for businesses to argue against sanctions on Russia as evidence emerges that Russian-backed separatists probably downed the plane, analysts studying the conflict said.
 isn’t yet certain who downed the Malaysian airliner.
 “We are confident Russia has already delivered tanks and multiple rocket launchers to them from this site” Plane Downed It said Russia was moving forces back to its border with Ukraine and that it had allowed officials from the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic to establish a recruiting office in Moscow.
 “Thermal and coking coal prices continue to weaken this year versus the average in 2013 to levels which are challenging even for the lowest-cost producers” Repayment Difficulties Repayment difficulties among Chinese privately owned miners including Shanxi Liansheng Energy Co.
 Even though valuations are a little bit stretched now, it’s still not too expensive to remain invested” Russia Sanctions The Stoxx 600 pared an advance of as much as 06 percent after an official told reporters that the EU’s 28 member states will stop selling shares or bonds to Russia’s state-owned banks.
 LavaFlow and Lava Trading are both owned by Citigroup Financial Products.
 The Muslim-owned eateries are offering lemonade, mocktails and other local favorites instead, said Javed Kotwala, who runs the Persia Darbar.
 The assets in Windstream’s REIT plan are similar to fiber and copper networks owned by phone companies around the country.
 “Investors are still waiting to see what the next polls will say about the election” Brazil’s benchmark stock gauge entered a bull market on May 7, surging 20 percent from this year’s low, as oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA rallied after polls showing declining support for President Dilma Rousseff’s re-election bid fueled speculation that a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Wall Street has issued $3 billion of securities backed by houses owned by Blackstone, Colony American Homes Inc.
 The company owned 7,358 homes and first-lien nonperforming loans on 2,095 houses as of March 31.
 It then operates in China through a wholly foreign-owned subsidiary and a VIE with the latter containing the parts of the business, such as the license to operate an Internet company, that are off limits to foreign ownership.
 The state-owned company plans to create a 171-room boutique hotel under its Primus brand.
 How this is handled is reflective of the government’s resolve” Khazanah has less than a year to mastermind a debt relief solution for its 694 percent-owned airline.
 Pepe Jeans, which was started by three brothers on a stall in London’s Portobello Market in 1973, is now owned by private-equity firms Torreal, Arta Capital, L Capital and its management team, led by Chief Executive Officer Carlos Ortega.
 The plant will be operated by Mibugawa Electric Power Co, a wholly owned unit of the Japanese trading company, and will start running in April, Marubeni said in a statement today.
 While the $15-an-hour salary is about $4 an hour less than his last full-time job, he said he’s relieved to keep the home he’s owned for seven years and restructure the loan payments after falling about three months behind.
 The country may have 250 trillion cubic feet of reserves, according to state-owned oil company Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos.
 State-owned Ecopetrol, the world’s 17th-largest producer by market value, fell 03 percent to 3,150 pesos at 1:55 pm.
 He cited examples of small, black-owned businesses being denied loans for projects.
 are state owned, they don’t take deposits.
 ‘Not Impossible’ “A state development bank doesn’t mean 100 percent owned by the state, but it must be majority owned by the state because you want the determination of policy direction to be in line with your goals,” Mboweni said.
 China has state-owned banks, it’s “not impossible,” he said.
 Rebels downed two SU-25 fighters in the Donetsk region in eastern Ukraine, a spokesman for the country’s Defense Ministry said.
 The action also blocks the assets of eight state-owned defense firms, including weapons-maker Kalashnikov Concern, which manufactures the namesake assault rifle.
 It will buy all of the assets owned by parent Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group for 64 billion yuan ($103 billion).
 Fortress said in its suit that it has owned policies tied to Phoenix with a face value, or death benefit, of about $14 billion.
 The V-22’s reputation has was enhanced by its use in the relief effort after Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and the rescue of a downed US.
 The stock exchange is owned by Atlanta, Georgia-based Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
 Investors are betting a change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies and bolster economic growth.
 The central bank said it will use cash from the state-owned Bulgarian Development Bank and the Deposit Guarantee Fund to recapitalize Corporate Bank.
 UniCredit, Raiffeisen The banking system is 70 percent-owned by foreign lenders, including UniCredit SpA and Raiffeisen Bank International AG.
 Pester declined to comment on a Sky News report this month that said it may bid for about 15 billion pounds of mortgages owned by UK.
 The building was designed to resemble an ocean liner and is located on the bayside boulevard at Howard Street, within view of the landmark Ferry Building, owned by Blackstone, and about two blocks from the Internet company’s main offices in the city.
 Lloyds is 25 percent owned by the UK.
 State-owned companies such as PetroChina Co, the nation’s largest energy firm, and Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd, the top lender by market value, have been among the biggest contributors to the rally as the government pledged to open state-run industries to private capital.
 Adage owned 569 million common shares of Puma as of March 31, making it the largest outside investor with a 19 percent stake, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Adage, founded in 2001 by Phillip Gross, 54, and Robert Atchinson, 56, after they left Harvard’s endowment, has owned shares of Puma since at least the first quarter of 2012, when the company went public.
 J Brand, 80 percent-owned by Fast Retailing, sells its premium denim products in more than 2,000 outlets in the US, including department stores.
 The undersea line will allow Nova Scotia to import power from the 824-megawatt Muskrat Falls hydro project in Labrador, which is being developed by Nalcor Energy Corp, a utility owned by the Newfoundland provincial government.
 Shares Down The bank, still 25 percent owned by the UK.
 after receiving a bailout of more than 20 billion pounds, will be facing comparisons with the Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, the largest government-owned bank.
 Expro, owned by Arle Capital Partners LLP, Alpinvest Partners NV and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, filed to sell as much as $100 million of American Depositary shares, according to a filing with the US.
 Reynolds American Inc, 42 percent owned by BAT, this month agreed to buy Lorillard Inc, leaving the US.
 Fonterra, a farmer-owned New Zealand co-operative, already runs two dairy hubs in China’s Shanxi and Hebei Provinces.
 The push to reduce Daimler’s wholly owned retail organization in Germany is part of Chief Executive Officer Dieter Zetsche’s effort to lift the Mercedes carmaking division’s operating profit to 10 percent of revenue.
 Mines owned by Glencore Plc and Vedanta Plc are also affected.
 says the jet was probably downed by separatists using a Russian-supplied missile and launcher, which they deny.
 Separatist leaders said July 23 that the jet was downed by a land-based Buk system, and that it wasn’t theirs.
 Temasek originally served as an owner of shares in former state-owned companies and began directly investing in foreign equities in 2002.
July 25 (Bloomberg) -- China is suffering through yet another food-safety scandal, and this time even the foreign-owned suppliers are under the microscope.
 The latest claims involving a foreign-owned company that sells to retailers in Japan, the US.
 The government should take responsibility because of their lack of supervision” OSI Apology The report by state-owned Dragon TV showed undercover video of workers in Shanghai Husi facilities taking past-due chicken and beef and giving it sell-by dates of another year.
 Shanghai Husi is one of the most prominent foreign-owned food suppliers to have been caught up a safety scare in China.
 “Most foreign-owned firms in China will have well-developed food-safety precaution measures, but they are still dealing with local staff,” said Sebastien Breteau, the founder and CEO AsiaInspection, whose firm helps brands, retailers and importers run food-quality checks in China.
 Britain’s largest state-owned lender is also examining options including joint ventures or merging Coutts International, it said in a memo to employees today.
 RBS, which is 80 percent owned by the government, also plans to sell its Citizens US.
 Lawmakers modified the bill to make the age when workers at state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos can retire rise gradually to the same as for other federal employees.
 The fund, which is owned by the government, doesn’t release yearly return figures or the size of its assets under management.
 Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company that’s operated separately from GIC, last month reported a total shareholder return of 15 percent for the fiscal year ended March 31, down from 89 percent in the previous period.
 Creditors opting to keep their notes will also get payments locally under the plan, with a unit of state-owned Banco de la Nacion serving as trustee, Fernandez said yesterday.
 Eight of the 10 most-owned options on the Euro Stoxx 50 were bearish at the end of last week, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 Affidavits from the former chief financial officer of GIO Cyprus, who wasn’t named by African Minerals, and an investor in GIO Cyprus contained claims that Timis, Coughlan, his son Craig and a fourth person each owned 25 percent of GIO Cyprus “pursuant to a side agreement” “The company confirms the investigation found no evidence that its chairman was a director or shareholder in GIO Cyprus or indeed any of its affiliates,” African Minerals said today in an e-mailed statement.
 In two transactions announced today, the Houston-based company said it will almost double its generating capacity by paying $28 billion in cash for 11 power plants and a retail sales business owned by Duke Energy Corp.
 as well as $345 billion in cash and stock for units owned by private-equity firm Energy Capital Partners.
 The US-owned company now backs $15 trillion of debt.
 The company plans a tender offer to buy back 8875 percent senior notes due in 2019, 7875 percent debentures due in 2023, 7875 percent senior debentures due 2030, and 7125 percent senior notes due 2023 of CBS Broadcasting Inc, a wholly owned unit of CBS Corp, the company said in a statement today.
 It is owned by Oracle Corp.
 Independent Owners At the same time, 83 percent of the existing self-storage properties are owned by local entrepreneurs, according to the Self-Storage Association, many of whom will sell if the price is right.
 Kazakhmys shareholders last week approved plans to spin off unprofitable copper assets to Cuprum Holding Group, owned by former Chairman Vladimir Kim and Kazakh operations chief Eduard Ogay.
 It held a 187 billion krone-stake in AFK Sistema and owned 5058 million kroner of OAO Gazprom shares at the end of the first half.
 “Now, as we boost production volumes and we boost exporting volumes, we will need to hire more ships, that’s unavoidable” Benchmark iron-ore prices in China averaged $10882 a ton so far this year, the least since 2009, according to data from Steel Index Ltd, owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 Broader Decline While China’s anti-corruption campaign against extravagant spending by government officials and state-owned companies has also damped spending by Chinese at home and in Hong Kong, retailers in Singapore are grappling with the threat of a broader decline in appeal.
 Data Purchases of previously owned US.
 Affidavits from the former chief financial officer of GIO Cyprus, who wasn’t named by African Minerals, and an investor in GIO Cyprus contained claims that Timis, Coughlan, his son Craig and a fourth person each owned 25 percent of GIO Cyprus “pursuant to a side agreement” A spokesman for Timis, who owns almost 13 percent of the company, and African Minerals declined to comment further on the report today.
 Holt Renfrew, owned by Toronto’s George Weston Ltd, started as a Quebec City hat shop in 1837 and now has nine locations across the country.
 Nordstrom is banking on its renowned customer service -- think no time-limit on returns and salespeople who’ll spend hours helping customers pick out the perfect wardrobe -- to draw these shoppers.
 Resolute, 31 percent owned by Prem Watsa’s Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd, was previously known as AbitibiBowater Inc.
 Top 10 Those institutions are among the top 10 biggest non-government owned banks in Brazil by assets, according to the central bank website as of March 2014.
 South Korean corporate debt has rallied this year as profits piled up and the government cracked down on state-owned enterprises’ borrowings.
 Courbevoie-based GDF, part-owned by the French government, sold a 28 percent stake in five of its Australian assets to Mitsui & Co.
 ‘Under Pressure’ The FT reported on July 23 that Chairman John Peace has been urged to search for a new CEO, with Temasek Holdings Pte, the Singaporean state-owned investment company that owns about 18 percent of the bank, pressing for a clearer succession plan, citing people it didn’t identify.
 The steelmaker’s shares will advance as it completes the acquisition from its state-owned parent of $36 billion of assets, including stakes in Citic Bank Corp.
 “The share price performance reflects investors’ optimism that China’s economy has turned the corner” Citic Pacific is at the heart of the most sweeping China policy shifts in decades, with President Xi Jinping pledging in November to allow more private capital in state-owned enterprises to boost efficiency.
 Mexico broke its 75-year state monopoly on crude production last year with constitutional amendments that grant companies the right to drill with government-owned Petroleos Mexicanos or on their own.
 Inland American, whose shares aren’t traded on an exchange, as of March 31 owned 281 properties, including retail, industrial and office buildings and student housing.
 ESFG also said that its Portuguese unit had filed for insolvency and that another of its fully-owned subsidiaries had sought creditor protection.
 Cutrale, a closely held juice maker controlled by Brazil’s Jose Luis Cutrale, is partnering with banks owned by Joseph Safra, the country’s second-richest man, to buy Chiquita and cancel its purchase of Fyffes.
 Pressure is building on South Africa to find about $300billion ($28 billion) to plug funding gaps in South AfricanAirways SOC Ltd, the national carrier, and Eskom Holdings SOCLtd, the state-owned power utility.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- The judge asked to consider the constitutionality of a new Puerto Rico law that allows government-owned entities to restructure debt outside of federal bankruptcy court wants each side to make its case by October.
 No trademarks, intellectual property or related interests owned by William Carter Co.
 Irving Oil, the Saint John, New Brunswick-based company owned by billionaire Arthur Irving and his family, produces more than 300,000 barrels a day of petroleum products including gasoline and diesel at its Saint John refinery on Canada’s Atlantic Coast and distributes more than half of the fuels into the US.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- The Swiss central bank classified Raiffeisen Group, a privately held bank owned by its customers, as a lender subject to tougher rules because of its systemic relevance to the country’s economy.
 Huaxia Bank dropped 14 percent while Industrial Bank, part-owned by a unit of HSBC Holdings Plc, retreated 1 percent.
 The refinery, owned 72 percent by Switzerland’s MKSHoldings and 28 percent by MMTC Ltd.
 The US-owned company, which guaranteed the first mortgage-backed security in 1970, now backs $15 trillion of debt.
 Last month, Fox agreed to sell its Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland holdings to its 39 percent owned affiliate, British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, for more than $9 billion, consolidating European satellite TV assets there.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Bank of Communications Co, the Chinese bank part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, said it wants to be the nation’s first listed lender to offer stock incentives for management.
 Market Forces In 2006, the Ministry of Finance and the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission released a trial plan to allow listed state-owned enterprises to issue stock incentives to employees.
 In 2008, the finance ministry banned listed financial state-owned enterprises from doing so.
 Chinese leaders pledged in November to give market forces a bigger role in the world’s second-largest economy, including reducing government ownership of state-owned enterprises and allowing employee stock-incentive plans at those businesses.
 State Appointees Government-appointed executives at China’s state-owned enterprises will be replaced by private-sector managers as reform of the companies gathers speed, the South China Morning Post reported yesterday.
 Allowing stock incentives would show the government’s commitment to “marketize state-owned enterprises and to improve their efficiency,” Tang said.
 BNSF Railway, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, and Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd.
 The lines were previously owned by Canadian Pacific.
 The KSE 100 has risen 16 percent this year through last week on speculation government reform efforts, including the privatization of state-owned companies and lower power subsidies, will improve the nation’s economic stability after it received a loan from the International Monetary Fund last year.
 “The expectation for tomorrow is that Yellen is not going to say anything dramatic that’s going to be different from what she’s said before” Among other data today, purchases of previously owned US.
 Banco Espirito Santo is 201 percent owned by Espirito Santo Financial Group, part of a chain of companies linked to the bank’s founding family.
 Held at the Crandon Park Tennis Center on Key Biscayne, the two-week tournament -- a combined event for the top players on both the men’s and women’s tennis tours -- is owned and operated by talent agency IMG Worldwide Inc.
 The company named Zhang Qiang, a former vice president of state-owned China Film Co, as its new chief executive officer on Aug.
 VimpelCom, co-owned by Norway’s Telenor ASA, is striving to reduce its debt pile of $29 billion which resulted from acquisitions of assets in Italy, Algeria and Asia from Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris three years ago.
 “We want to maximize support for the British economy, get the best value for money for the taxpayer and return the state-owned banks to private ownership,” Treasury said in an e-mailed statement today.
 Petrobras, which canceled an attempt to market Argentine assets last year, sold a stake in the Puesto Hernandez production area in Neuquen province to state-owned YPF SA in January.
 China Everbright surged 15 percent after saying its parent, China Everbright Group Ltd, will become a joint stock company instead of a “state-wholly-owned enterprise” First Shanghai Investments Ltd.
 As the ruling Communist Party pledges a bigger role for markets in the economy, state businesses such as Everbright and Citic Group -- China’s first state-owned investment corporation -- are getting ownership makeovers.
 sales of previously owned homes probably held near an eight-month high in July, a report in the coming week may show.
 sales of previously owned homes, also known as existing home sales, probably held near an eight-month high in July, indicating the market is improving in fits and starts.
 Jain, chairman of state-owned Syndicate Bank, 5 million rupees ($82,066).
 EU governments agreed to bar state-owned Russian banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and preventing the sale of equipment with military uses.
 Bret Wells, a law professor at the University of Houston who has studied earnings stripping, said Schumer’s proposal is a meaningful first step that doesn’t go far enough to reduce the advantages available to all foreign-owned companies.
 President Barack Obama said last week that he wants the government to act “as quickly as possible” Schumer’s proposal will be written to apply only to inverted companies, not all foreign-owned companies, a Schumer aide said.
 Foreign-Owned Companies The trouble with such limits is that it can be difficult to create a consistent definition that doesn’t affect other foreign-owned companies, said Nancy McLernon, president and chief executive officer of the Organization for International Investment.
 Affidavits from the former chief financial officer of GIO Cyprus, who wasn’t named by African Minerals, and an investor in GIO Cyprus contained claims that Timis, director Dermot Coughlan, his son Craig and a fourth person each owned 25 percent of GIO Cyprus “pursuant to a side agreement” The investigation found no evidence Timis was a director or shareholder in GIO Cyprus, Liddell said today.
 is the second largest, with 34 percent of the market, and government-owned Japan Post Holdings Co.
 Because central bank regulations permit mini banks to make small loans, villagers can avoid predatory moneylenders, said Kishor Kharat, general manager for financial inclusion at state-owned lender Bank of Baroda, the nation’s second-largest by assets based in the western state of Gujarat.
 The central bank devalued the dong in June to spur shipments after anti-China protests in May halted production at foreign-owned factories.
 (CL)’s sales, but it’s inextricably entwined with the Colgate brand so the triclosan controversy could inflict long-term damage, said Michael Stone, who runs Beanstalk, a New York-based brand-licensing agency owned by Omnicom Group Inc.
 The airline industry’s approach to trouble-spots continues to vary, with Air France-KLM Group among carriers saying this week that they’d avoid skies over Iraq amid global concern that Islamic State militants may have got hold of anti-aircraft missiles of the kind thought to have downed the Malaysian jet.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned port and rail operator, wants private funders to invest about 100 billion rand ($93 billion) in transportation projects to help address bottlenecks, the head of the company’s freight rail unit said.
 said it plans to sell bonds and stakes in state-owned companies to boost investment and economic growth in Africa’s second-largest copper producer.
 “With the IDC we will probably be undertaking privatization even more vigorously,” through publicly listing more state-owned companies, Chipwende said.
 single-family homes, bought two pools of delinquent loans and 146 bank-owned houses for $2187 million.
 The hotels, located in London and southeast England, are owned by Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Prestbury Investment Holdings Ltd, West Coast Capital and Aldersgate Investments, Travelodge said in an e-mail today.
 Butchers, Bakers European Union governments agreed last week to bar Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, cutting the money available for them to lend.
 Another son, Jay, is chairman of iron-ore producer IRC Ltd, 40 percent owned by Petropavlovsk.
 The company named Zhang Qiang, a former vice president of state-owned China Film Co, as its new chief executive officer on Aug.
 Of the five most-owned options, four are hedging against a decline.
 The refinery, owned 72 percent by Switzerland’s MKS Holdings and 28 percent by MMTC Ltd, will probably produce 80 tons of gold in the year ending March 31 from about 40 tons a year earlier, Khosla said.
 The company also announced a reorganization of its divisions and said it would tighten control of Santiago-based power group Enersis through the purchase of the 606 percent owned by Endesa.
 in the 14 former state-owned utilities totaled more than $25 billion.
 Total is still bidding to explore in partnership with Kuwait’s state-owned Kuwait Foreign Exploration Petroleum Co.
 China will promote mixed-ownership reform for state-owned banks, the National Business Daily reported, citing China Banking Regulatory Commission Chairman Shang Fulin.
 Purchases of previously owned homes rose in July to a 515 million annualized pace, a 10-month high, according to data from the National Association of Realtors in Washington.
 Similar-maturity bonds from Mexico’s state-owned oil company rose 003 percentage point in that span to 538 percent.
 Zimbabwe, holder of the largest platinum group metals reserves after South Africa, passed a law in 2008 that compels foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to shift majority ownership to black Zimbabweans.
 The Defense Ministry in Kiev said it downed a Russian drone on Ukrainian territory, one of several aircraft to violate the country’s airspace since yesterday.
 5 (Bloomberg) -- Mubadala Development Co, the Abu Dhabi government-owned investor, will get stakes in Eike Batista’s mining company and a port in Rio de Janeiro as part of a deal to restructure a $2 billion investment with the former Brazilian billionaire.
 Australian Trademark Sought for Downed Malaysia Flight Number A Malaysian company has applied in Australia to register MH17 as a trademark, the Design & Trend news website reported.
 The company part-owned by Emaar Properties PJSC met lenders in June to present the deal, a spokesman said last month.
 Eurofin, based in Lausanne, Switzerland, was partly owned by Espirito Santo until 2009 and played a key role in the group’s financings, according to the newspaper.
 The two-year credit line from Minsheng, China’s first privately owned lender, will be extended automatically for one year when it expires, Changzhou, China-based Shunfeng said today in a filing to the Hong Kong stock exchange.
 The company will become a joint stock company instead of a “state-wholly-owned enterprise,” Hong Kong-listed unit China Everbright Ltd.
 Efforts to restructure state businesses have included a deal to shift assets from Citic Group -- China’s first state-owned investment corporation, set up in 1979 -- to its main Hong Kong-listed unit.
 China will trial giving some state-owned companies more independence in making investment decisions and hiring top executives, two people familiar with the matter said last month.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, said it’s cutting lending to Russian companies, following European banks including Societe Generale SA and Natixis SA in complying with the latest round of sanctions over Ukraine.
 The bloc said yesterday it will prohibit Russian state-owned lenders including OAO Sberbank and VTB Group from selling shares or bonds in the EU.
 BNSF Railway Co, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, and Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Emerging-market stocks rose for the first time in four days as a technology gauge climbed and on bets China is accelerating changes to state-owned enterprises.
 Excluding recurring revenue from support contracts, sales of on-premises software are actually falling as customers build fewer new applications that run on company-owned computers.
 The state-owned carrier plans to take 25 new wide-body planes to replace aging Airbus Group NV A340s and help cut fuel consumption as it seeks to break even by 2017, Chief Executive Officer Monwabisi Kalawe said in an interview in Washington.
 Capital Boost SAA will remain state-owned for the duration of Kalawe’s contract, which runs to 2018, and has settled on an outline figure for the capital injection with public enterprises and treasury officials, he said, declining to give the value.
 The latter is owned by billionaire Li Ka-Shing’s Hutchison Whampoa Ltd.
 President Barack Obama said last week that he wants the government to act “as quickly as possible” Schumer’s proposal will be written to apply only to inverted companies, not all foreign-owned companies, a Schumer aide said.
 The trouble with such limits is that it can be difficult to create a consistent definition that doesn’t affect other foreign-owned companies, said Nancy McLernon, president and chief executive officer of the Organization for International Investment.
 owned as much as 74 percent after a bailout through the Troubled Asset Relief Program designed to help prop up the auto market in the financial crisis.
 Chinese stocks rose amid speculation the government is accelerating its reform of state-owned enterprises.
 State-owned parent China National Petroleum Corp, the nation’s biggest oil and gas producer, is looking for partners with around 10 billion yuan ($16 billion) to invest in exploration and production ventures, the people said, asking not to be named as the plan isn’t public.
 The hedge fund doesn’t plan to acquire a controlling stake or push for a merger with MSG, which is majority owned by the Dolans, the family that also runs Cablevision Systems Corp.
 The Ibovespa stock index has rallied 24 percent from this year’s low of March 14 on speculation Rousseff could be defeated and a new government would reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Malaysia’s state-owned investment fund, which is offering to take the national airline private, sold 15 billion ringgit ($476 million) of Islamic bonds today, said two people with knowledge of the deal.
 Yahoo Criticism The sale means the financial-services assets will be owned by Chinese nationals instead of the global investors that may buy shares in the IPO.
 “They were concerned that too much profit might end up in Alipay and not in Alibaba” The two shareholders in Small & Micro Financial are Hangzhou Junhan Equity Investment Partnership and Hangzhou Junao Equity Investment Partnership, mostly owned by Alibaba employees and partners, according to the filing.
 Ma, however, has the voting rights for Small & Micro Financial through his fully owned company, according to the filing.
 Devotion to historic roots, though, makes it less accessible and convenient to patrons than a one-floor operation that the Harrah’s-owned convention center will offer, said marketing director Ryan Bierbaum.
 Pemex, as the state-owned company is known, will maintain 83 percent of the country’s so-called 2p reserves and 21 percent of potential reserves, Energy Minister Pedro Joaquin Coldwell said today in Mexico City.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Amyris Inc, the biotechnology company partially owned by Total SA, received almost $11 million from France’s largest oil producer to continue researching the chemical compound farnesene.
 Total, Amyris’s largest shareholder, owned almost 21 percent of Amyris as of May 29, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The southeast African nation’s offshore fields may hold enough gas to meet global demand for more than two years, according to Empresa Nacional de Hidrocarbonetos, the state-owned oil company that holds stakes in the Rovuma-1 deposit operated by Anadarko and in the Eni fields.
 “We are going to have a lot of fields in Iowa in excess of 200 bushels an acre” Ears produced in Iowa probably will average 75 inches to 8 inches long, with 18 rows of 40 kernels each, or about 720 to 750 kernels, the most ever, said Todd Claussen, director of agronomy at Ames-based Farmers Cooperative Co, the largest member-owned grain elevator and farm-supply company in the state.
 Financial entities owned 68 percent of PJM’s transmission rights in the first quarter, up from 63 percent in 2012, reports from the grid operator’s independent market monitor show.
 has sanctioned several Russian banks, and the European Union has cut off state-owned lenders from its capital markets over President Vladimir Putin’s stance on Ukraine.
 Roche, which owned 62 percent of Chugai as of June 30, is in talks to acquire the rest of the shares for about $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the plans are private.
 Globalfoundries, owned by an investment arm of the government of Abu Dhabi, had placed little or no value on IBM’s factories because they are too old, a person said two weeks ago.
 Two of the three most-owned options on Tencent yesterday were bullish, with calls betting on a 52 percent advance by the end of August accounting for the largest open interest, the data show.
 and the European Union continue to talk about a diplomatic resolution to the crisis, the unvarnished truth is that Putin has little interest in placating western interests” Military Industry The EU agreed last month to bar Russia’s state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and put restrictions on oil and military industry exports.
 While President XiJinping’s anti-corruption measures may be a short-term drag ongrowth, they will make state-owned enterprises more efficientand help curb excessive debt, he said.
 business was the top seller of fixed annuities, followed by policyholder-owned New York Life Insurance Co.
 of China, the state-owned fighter-jet maker, plans to spend as much as 120 billion yuan ($20 billion) to build aerospace-themed amusement parks as it seeks to woo Chinese looking for leisure activities.
 saw net income jump 13 percent on higher food sales to the same country and rising profit at its partly-owned convenience store chain FamilyMart Co.
 The company held its monopoly position until 1999 when Telgua, owned by billionaire Carlos Slim’s America Movil, and Madrid-based Telefonica entered the market.
 surveillance programs, state-owned Chinese media have urged a shift toward domestic suppliers of information technology, such as Shenzhen-based Huawei Technologies Co, and away from US.
 “No company is allowed to break laws with impunity in China, be it Chinese or foreign, state-owned or private” Past Fines The Hubei Province Price Bureau said yesterday that it fined four BMW dealers a combined 163 million yuan ($265,000) for setting a unified price for pre-delivery vehicle inspections.
 Portugal has already injected a total of 56 billion euros ($75 billion) in banks that aren’t state-owned using a 12 billion-euro recapitalization facility included in the 78 billion-euro aid program that ended this year.
 Chrysler, wholly owned by Fiat SpA, said its sales rose to 167,667, marking the third-largest US.
 Pilgrim’s Pride Corp, the chicken producer owned by JBS SA, tried the same tactic as Cutrale earlier this year when it bid on Hillshire Brands Co.
 The circuit, built in the 1920s and owned by the regional Wallonian government, has a case for receiving compensation from any sales of the car, according to Edward Chalfie, a trademark lawyer at Dennemeyer, an intellectual property consultancy.
 The racetrack has been owned by the regional government for about a decade, circuit spokesman Luc Willens said.
 In March, GE was one of four winners of a 50 billion rand ($47 billion) train-engine contract to supply locomotives to Transnet, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator.
 The funds from the sale to a group of Chinese companies, led by state-owned metals trader China Minmetals Corp, will “immediately and materially de-gear” the balance sheet, Baar, Switzerland-based Glencore said today in a statement.
 The video displays the brutality of a group so extreme it’s been disowned by the core al-Qaeda terror organization.
 Samwer and his two brothers owned about 66 percent of Rocket Internet as of June.
 A fatal blast at an auto parts factory owned by an indirect supplier, Kunshan Zhongrong Metal Products Co, prompted the government to order a nationwide overhaul of safety practices at factories handling explosive materials.
 Korea approved construction of its first foreign-owned casino as part of efforts to lure more Chinese bettors and bolster the nation’s service industry, the tourism ministry said on March 18.
 Meda twice rejected advances from Mylan this year and instead chose to buy Rottapharm for about $31 billion, picking the family-owned company from a list of about 10 targets.
 Name Change On advice of a banker, they decided to buy family-owned soda maker Hansen Natural.
 State-owned Guangdong Rising Assets Management Co.
 Blackboard Inc, the education-software maker owned by Providence Equity Partners LLC, last week scrapped its effort to lower borrowing costs on a term loan, Bloomberg data show.
 The purchase will make Dallas-based ClubCorp, which already owned or operated 159 courses, almost five times the size of its next largest competitor in the US.
 Following the withdrawal of deposits from the bank by companies including Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned, deposits fell 18 percent to about 14 billion liras ($64 billion) in the first quarter.
 The breakdown in talks follows comments two day ago by Deputy Prime Minister Ali Babacan, responsible for banking and the Treasury, that the government would welcome the purchase of Asya by state-owned TC Ziraat Bankasi AS.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Air Namibia said it’s seeking an international ally as the state-owned carrier makes progress in ending losses, aided by cost cuts, higher ticket prices and the addition of more efficient planes.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Investment Corporation of Dubai, the emirate state-owned holding company, is seeking to refinance an $880 million loan taken out by resort hotel Atlantis, The Palm, according to four people with knowledge of the matter.
 The largest Italian utility has ruled out a deal to sell the operations -- which include nuclear plants and may be worth as much as $36 billion -- to Russian companies including state-owned Rosatom Corp, the people said, asking not to be identified discussing a private matter.
 “It was a catastrophic loss for Shanduka, we did not expect to recoup any of the money and in fact we have written it off” Ramaphosa owned 296 percent of Shanduka, which had a net asset value of 88 billion rand at the end of last year.
 Bumi, 292 percent-owned by the Bakrie group, warned in June that it’s “highly likely” to default if bondholders don’t consent to a restructuring.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- The Ibovespa gained the most among major equity benchmarks as oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA advanced amid speculation that a potential change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Lender Banco do Brasil SA, which is also owned by the federal government, was the best performer among banks on the MSCI Brazil/Financials index.
 VI Holding is owned by entrepreneur Vitaliy Machitski, chairman of aluminum producer Vimetco NV.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Aga Rangemaster Group Plc, the British maker of cast-iron stoves owned by celebrities from Madonna to Prince Charles, predicted strong earnings growth this year as sales rise, helped by new products such as movable cookers aimed at younger buyers.
 The buyback represents a premium of about $12 billion and makes the two US-owned mortgage-finance companies whole on the securities, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the firms’ government overseer, said yesterday in a statement.
 The measure climbed 06 percent this week, extending gains to 12 percent since mid-March, amid speculation China will reduce government ownership of state-owned enterprises and a link between the exchanges in Hong Kong and Shanghai will fuel fund inflows.
 Media Companies Chinese leaders pledged in November to give market forces a bigger role in the world’s second-largest economy, including reducing government ownership of state-owned enterprises and allowing employee stock-incentive plans at those businesses.
 Bank of Communications Co, the Chinese bank part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, said it wants to be the nation’s first listed lender to offer stock incentives for management.
 Citic recommended consumer stocks and thematic investment associated with Shanghai-Hong Kong Connect and state-owned enterprise reform.
 Vice President Al Gore sued Al Jazeera, claiming the satellite news provider owned by the Qatari royal family owes him and a partner $65 million from a deal to buy his network, Current TV.
 It has eight properties on Zurich’s Bahnhofstrasse, the most owned by a single investor on the city’s ritziest shopping street.
 5 (Bloomberg) -- Solar Power Inc, a renewable-power developer majority-owned by China’s LDK Solar Co, has formed a partnership with Wircon GmbH to build projects in the UK.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Bank of Communications Co, the Chinese lender part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, reported a 56 percent increase in second-quarter profit as gains in fee and lending income outweighed provisions for bad loans.
 Bocom, which is 19 percent owned by HSBC, said last month that it plans to deepen its “mixed-ownership structure” In an Aug.
 Foreign currency earned from sales of the seeds to China has to be deposited at the state-owned Commercial Bank of Ethiopia to secure loans from the Export-Import Bank of China.
 Murata, an electronic components maker based in Nagaokakyo, Japan, already owned 156 percent of Peregrine as of the end of March, according to company filings compiled by Bloomberg.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Vevo LLC, a music-video website partly owned by the world’s two biggest record labels, formed a partnership with Vadio Inc.
 “Most content delivered through services like Pandora is audio content, and that’s been very hard to monetize profitably” Vevo, founded in 2009 and based in New York, is co-owned by Vivendi SA’s Universal Music Group, Sony Music Entertainment, Google Inc.
 The railway company, which is majority owned by the canton of Graubuenden and the Swiss federal government, has geologists on site and is investigating the cause of the mud slide, Duenser said.
 “They all have technical energy teams that are working with them as well” 250,000 Acres Andes holds 29 licenses in Argentina, 15 in partnership with YPF SA, Argentina’s state-owned oil producer.
 It’s not going to be just a smooth thing you can do within one or two years” Chinese President Xi Jinping is overseeing the implementation of the broadest economic reforms in China since the 1990s, including opening state-owned enterprises to more competition and encouraging private investment.
 It almost exclusively invests outside the city-state and has a lower share of listed equities in its portfolio compared with Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s other state-owned investment company.
 supermarket chain owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, reported strengthening quarterly sales growth as price cuts helped it keep its share of a grocery market shifting relentlessly toward discounters.
 Companies including Edita Food Industries, a snacks maker part-owned by London-based buyout firm Actis LLP, and a subsidiary of Emaar Properties PJSC, the Dubai-based developer of the world’s tallest tower, are also considering IPOs in Cairo.
 Shares of Sprint, which is 80 percent owned by SoftBank, tumbled 19 percent to $590 in New York yesterday.
 That occurred following a July 30 decision by the Rio Tinto Group, which majority-owned the asset, to sell its entire stake.
 plea agreement doesn’t identify Dahdaleh as Consultant A, it does show that a company owned by Dahdaleh played a role in the Alcoa unit payments to Alba.
 That company -- based on Jersey, in the Channel Islands -- was 70 percent owned by Dahdaleh, according to annual reports filed by United Legal.
 In 2009, Clinton traveled to a refinery owned by Dahdaleh near Hamburg and gave a speech there, according to a spokesman for the Clinton Foundation.
 That’s when Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Isa al-Khalifa, Bahrain’s US- and UK-educated crown prince, vowed to end payments for contracts and reform government-owned businesses.
 The state-owned utility’s power plant, which will use gas from the Kudu fields about 200 kilometers (124 miles) off the southern town of Oranjemund, will have capacity of as much as 1,050 megawatts and will cost $13 billion to build, Managing Director Paulinus Shilamba said by phone on Aug.
 Namcor Sale National Petroleum Corp, the state-owned oil company known as Namcor, owns 54 percent of the fields and plans to reduce this to about 16 percent, Managing Director Obeth Kandjoze said in September.
 “Details coming out of the reports and filings leading up to the Alibaba IPO have highlighted to investors the strong trends in e-commerce in China” Los Angeles-based Capital World Investors owns 119 million of JDcom’s ADRs, or about $340 million as of June 30, while Temasek, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, added a $172 million stake.
 Last month, Fox agreed to sell its Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland holdings to its 39 percent owned affiliate, British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, for more than $9 billion, consolidating European satellite TV assets there.
 Hancock Prospecting Pty, the mining company owned by Australia’s richest woman, and Andrew Forrest, the billionaire founder of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, the world’s fourth-biggest iron ore exporter, are also moving into the cattle industry.
 RGA, the reinsurer formerly owned by MetLife Inc, has about $3 trillion of life insurance in force worldwide, it said in a separate statement.
 OCBC had non-core assets in Singapore and Malaysia, and some non-banking assets owned by Wing Hang, he said.
 Drone Downed Rebels shot down a drone operated by government forces over the east of Ukraine yesterday, Defense Ministry spokesman Andriy Lysenko said in a televised briefing in Kiev today.
 Vodafone already owned 185 percent of the Athens-based company, giving it a 912 percent holding, Vodafone said in a statement today.
 The company’s labs are so renowned in the industry that titans like Samsung use its technology for their production.
 Monster and Red Bull, owned by Austria’s Red Bull GmbH, have the largest share of the market worldwide, according to Morningstar Inc.
 The lender is 60 percent owned by Johannesburg-based Standard, Africa’s No.
 Policy Rethink Fraser, whose company agreed earlier this year to buy two state-owned coal-fired power plants in New South Wales for A$151 billion, said the government needs to “rethink” the policy to spur significant investment in the industry.
 EU governments agreed two weeks later to bar the largest state-owned lenders from selling shares and bonds in Europe.
 The sale means the financial-services assets will be owned by Chinese nationals instead of the global investors that may buy shares in the IPO.
 Rising Debt Hidili shut its wholly-owned coking plant Panzhihua City Hidili Coke Co.
 The bourse was owned by Jignesh Shah, the founder of Financial Technologies India Ltd.
 “Local businessmen who earn money from Hong Kong and then want to pay back to the community by supporting democratic movements is something respectable” Apple Daily and Next magazine, publications owned by Lai’s Next Media group, are banned in China.
 Government Regulators The reduction was announced after the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told China’s three carriers to cut costs because they overspent on subsidies and advertising for devices such as iPhone, people familiar with the matter said last month.
 Brazil’s Ibovespa gained as oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA rose amid speculation a potential change in government will reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- The European Union said Sberbank, VTB Bank OJSC, Gazprombank OJSC, Vnesheconombank and Rosselkhozbank OJSC, are Russian state-owned banks that are prohibited from selling bonds or shares in the EU beginning today.
 The company owned 156 properties in the period.
 Perry Corp, based in New York, sold the 52 million Equity Commonwealth shares it owned, according to data compiled by Bloomberg today.
 Li, Asia’s richest man, may bid for the planes, owned by Awas Aviation Capital Ltd, using a group of companies he controls including Cheung Kong Holdings Ltd, said two of the people, who asked not to be named because the deliberations are private.
 Affidavits from the former chief financial officer of GIO Cyprus, who wasn’t named by African Minerals, and an investor in GIO Cyprus contained claims that Timis, director Dermot Coughlan, his son Craig and a fourth person each owned 25 percent of GIO Cyprus “pursuant to a side agreement” The investigation found no evidence Timis was a director or shareholder in GIO Cyprus or any of its affiliates, African Minerals said in an e-mailed statement last week.
 and state-owned South African Airways SOC Ltd.
 The bank, which is 25 percent owned by the government, has had to set aside more than 10 billion pounds to repay customers sold inappropriate loan insurance.
 In March, GE was one of four winners of a 50 billion rand ($47 billion) train-engine contract to supply locomotives to Transnet, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator.
 The towers are all fully owned by Orange, the paper said.
 The rest of the company’s tower network in the country is jointly owned with partners, the paper reported.
 “Without this, the profits could have been closer to expectations” The company also gave higher discounts on crude oil it sells to state-owned refiners that market fuels below cost to keep retail prices in check.
 in 2013, while preventing takeovers of oil-sands companies by state-owned companies, except under “exceptional circumstances,” Hall said.
 The 15 billion-pound Dudgeon project, 70 percent-owned by Statoil with the remainder held by Statkraft, is about 20 miles (32 kilometers) off the coast of the seaside town of Cromer in north Norfolk, eastern England.
 Data during the week showed fewer Americans than forecast applied for unemployment benefits, while purchases of previously owned US.
 Housing starts surged in July to the highest level in eight months and purchases of previously owned homes rose as low borrowing costs and an increase in inventory drew buyers.
 Singapore Telecommunications Ltd-owned Optus and Vodafone Hutchison Australia Pty.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, purchased US-listed stocks in Chinese technology and consumer firms backed by the country’s billionaires as it diversifies away from bank holdings.
 Yesterday’s filing shows it owned 603,764 shares at the end of June, indicating it sold 396,236 shares.
 Temasek, wholly owned by Singapore’s Ministry of Finance, is the ninth-biggest state investor with an estimated $177 billion of assets, according to the website of the Sovereign Wealth Center.
 The three other regional sports networks tracked by SNL Kagan that aren’t owned by Time Warner Cable charge a maximum of $184.
 Regional sports networks owned by a cable company demand higher prices than those that are independent, and the tendency increases with the size of the cable company’s customer base, within the team’s TV market, Singer said.
 “They are better priced than what they were two years ago, and we’ll take a long and hard look at those opportunities” While competitors concentrate on North America, state-owned oil companies have scaled back purchases, creating a more rational market, Coleman said, reiterating that the company is looking for investments of about $5 billion.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator, wants companies including General Electric Co.
 RBS, the biggest government-owned lender, was the largest provider of EFG-backed loans to small companies between the start of the program in January 2009 and June this year, with 902 million pounds, according to data provided by the Department for Business Innovation and Skills.
 OSG sought court protection in November 2012 with more than 100 vessels, making it one of the largest publicly-owned tanker organizations worldwide.
 Omega, based in New York, claimed that Tetragon’s co-founders, Patrick Dear and Reade Griffith, made tens of millions of dollars from the sale of Polygon, which they owned, for 117 million nonvoting Tetragon shares.
 Pressure is building on South Africa to find about $300 billion ($28 billion) to plug funding gaps in South African Airways SOC Ltd, the national carrier, and Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, the state-owned power utility.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, said it’s cutting lending to Russian companies, following European banks including Societe Generale SA and Natixis SA in complying with the latest round of sanctions over Ukraine.
 The bloc said July 31 it will prohibit Russian state-owned lenders including Sberbank and VTB Group from selling shares or bonds in the EU.
 Passport still owned more than $560 million of shares in Chinese e-commerce companies at the end of June after the divestitures, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “There is expectation of some sort of a deal coming through over the next few days” that will see Abu Dhabi government-owned Aabar Investments PJSC increase its stake in the builder, Shehada said.
 Moscow-based Raiffeisenbank ZAO is the third-biggest western-owned lender by assets and serves 27 million clients.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- TDC A/S plans to sell new bonds at interest rates it says are likely to be much lower than those paid five years ago while it was owned by a group of private equity buyers including KKR & Co.
 Other foreign-owned Swiss banks followed suit this year.
 Outsourcing The carrier, which is 558 percent state-owned, had about 5,800 employees at the end of last year, down from about 9,660 in 2007.
 Claure, 43, is leaving one SoftBank Corp- controlled company to join another that is also owned by the Japanese firm.
 Default Likely Bumi, 292 percent-owned by the Bakrie group, warned in June that it’s “highly likely” to default if bondholders don’t consent to a restructuring.
 jet was downed in rebel-held territory was called off for security reasons until at least next week.
 energy company, agreed to study non-conventional oil and natural gas formations in southern Chile with state-owned energy company Empresa Nacional del Petroleo.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, may face as much as 1 billion pounds in charges to settle the allegations of currency market manipulation, Barua wrote in an separate Aug.
 In his order, Ferenbach wrote that Argentina’s failure so far to satisfy judgments won by Singer’s NML Capital has caused the company to “travel the globe in search of property owned by Argentina” The case is NML Capital Ltd.
 Russian assets are falling after Sberbank and VTB were named among five state-owned banks that will be blocked from selling bonds or shares in the EU, stoking concern slower lending will hobble growth.
 The company, which is about 40 percent owned by the government, awarded a 911 million-rand advisory contract to US.
 “Berkshire had owned convertible notes of USG since 2008 and was effectively forced to convert the notes when they were called for redemption by USG in December 2013,” Buffett said in a statement.
 GeoPark has been encouraged to work with state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos on lower-priority oil and gas properties as the country opens up its oil industry to foreign investment, Chief Executive Officer James Park said in an e-mailed response to questions yesterday.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, may face as much as 1 billion pounds in charges to settle the allegations of currency market manipulation, Barua wrote in an separate Aug.
 In 2003, a single-aisle Airbus A319 owned by Northwest Airlines plowed into one of the carrier’s Boeing 757s at a gate at New York’s LaGuardia Airport.
 Bain Capital LLC owned 49 percent of Veritiv, or 784 million shares, as of a July 1.
 National Bank, majority owned by Greek taxpayers after a 85 billion-euro bailout last year, is selling assets to boost capital before European stress tests.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Jet Airways India Ltd, the Indian carrier 24 percent owned by Etihad Airways PJSC, will end its budget-airline units in an effort to turn its local operations profitable, Chairman Naresh Goyal said.
 Jet’s decision to offer only full-service flights will pit it against state-owned Air India Ltd.
 The five most-owned Time Warner calls, all expiring in August or October, fell more than 80 percent.
 Ownership of the Odaiba site that’s open to development is divided among several companies, while the Tsukiji parcel is wholly owned by Tokyo’s government, Bowers said.
 Skyscraper District “Land that’s owned wholly by the city that’s big enough may take less time to assemble than a piece of land that’s owned by multiple parties,” he said.
 Pena Nieto signed legislation today that completes steps to end the monopoly on energy production held by state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos since 1938.
 The law sets guidelines for private companies seeking to produce oil and electricity, and allows the government to assume pension liabilities from Pemex and the state-owned utility Comision Federal de Electricidad.
 Blackstone, which had owned all of SeaWorld’s equity, has since cut its stake to 22 percent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The carrier, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, has said that debt had erased its net worth.
 The Winklevoss brothers owned about $10 million in bitcoins when they filed their initial application with the SEC on July 1, 2013.
 “If we can make things easier, all the better” South Deep’s complex ore formation, its depth, and operational and safety problems have mired the operation in delays throughout its 24-year lifespan, during which it has been owned by JCI Ltd, Western Areas Ltd.
 China’s state-owned enterprises have rolled out projects in every country on the continent, including hydroelectric dams, highways and rail lines linked to the extraction of natural resources.
 Ceridian is owned by Fidelity National Financial Inc, the largest US.
 The company has signed an agreement with state-owned carrier Air India Ltd.
 BOC Aviation Pte, owned by Bank of China Ltd, is expected to have a record number of aircraft on its fleet this year, helped by growing demand for single-aisle planes.
 “The maximum proportion of the issued share of any particular issuer whose shares are listed that may be owned by all foreign investors -- in all categories, whether residents or non-residents -- in aggregate is 49 percent, including interests under swaps,” it said.
 intensifies its charge on China, one of its little-known weapons is a family-owned company in a sleepy Swiss village.
 It’s “hyper-important to stop inflow of mercenaries and weapons from Russia” Warplane Downed Rebels shot down a Mig-29 fighter jet over Luhansk region, with the pilot ejecting from the aircraft, military spokesman Leonid Matyukin said on Facebook yesterday.
 UPS, the world’s largest package-shipping company, said its breach may have been limited because each franchised retail outlet is individually owned and runs independent, private networks not connected to other locations.
 shares fell the most in more than eight years after the South African food and goods wholesaler owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 Organic beverage maker Honest Tea, owned by Coca-Cola, is, along with Ben & Jerry’s, a member of the “Just Label It” campaign, which advocates for mandatory GMO labeling nationwide.
 Pending sales of previously owned homes fell 11 percent in June, the realtors group said last month.
 and Melody Capital Advisors LLC that would reorganize the company as a standalone business; and one backed by lenders to the LP unit that would sell those assets to a buyer owned by Dish Network Corp.
 It is owned by Oracle Corp.
 The Pride of America, owned by Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd, will set sail at 7 pm.
 A recent rule change allows the health ministry to buy drugs from labs without a public bidding process, as long as firms partner with a state-owned lab.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Petroleos de Venezuela SA, the Latin American nation’s state-owned crude producer, said the US.
 as part of a deal to restructure a $2 billion investment provided by the Abu Dhabi government-owned investor.
 Temasek Holdings Pte, the Singaporean state-owned investment company that owns about 18 percent of the bank, pressed for a clearer succession plan, the FT said, citing people it didn’t identify.
 He kept a proportion of the shares, which after a sale of stock already owned by him, increased the CEO’s holding by 34,002 shares to 303,110.
 19 that Shakira’s Spanish-language version of “Loca” infringed “Loca Con Su Tiguere” owned by Mayimba Music Inc.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Al Jaber Group, a family-owned Abu Dhabi company which restructured its debt in June, is planning a sale of its transportation and lifting unit to help repay loans, two people with knowledge of the matter said.
 State-owned Petroleos deVenezuela SA has larger proven reserves.
 Manufacturing Jobs In making its case, the German-owned company has highlighted its US.
 to establish three privately owned lenders.
 Blackstone Group LP, which once owned the entire company, retains a 22 percent stake.
 Shares in the airline, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, jumped as much as 53 percent before closing up 33 percent in Mumbai, exceeding the 02 percent climb in the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex index.
 The others are state-owned Air India Ltd, and Kabul-based Kam Air and Safi Airways Co.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- The South African Reserve Bank is considering an application by the state-owned Postbank to allow it to lend, fulfilling a government pledge to use its 1,500 outlets to give poor and rural communities access to credit.
 The offering has outperformed the IPOs of 33 Vietnamese state-owned companies this year, which have raised less than half their targeted funds.
 China’s State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told the national carriers to cut costs because they overspent on subsidies and advertising for devices such as iPhone, people familiar with the matter said last month.
 As officials across Europe weighed the impact of the one-year food curbs, fighting raged around Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine’s mainly Russian-speaking easternmost regions, where separatists downed a fighter jet and military helicopter, according to the government in Kiev.
 jet was downed in rebel-held territory was called off for security reasons until at least next week.
 sanctioned the Russian bank and the European Union cut off state-owned lenders from capital markets, lawyers said.
 European leaders published rules yesterday outlining restrictions on state-owned banks in international capital markets.
 The EU agreed July 29 to prohibit Russian state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and published detailed rules on the sanctions yesterday.
 Verizon is still digesting its $130 billion acquisition of the 45 percent of Verizon Wireless that was owned by Vodafone Group Plc, a deal that closed in February.
 Property Loan While Williams said “no” repeatedly when asked yesterday whether McDonnell had asked for some of the gifts, he said the governor asked him directly for a $50,000 loan to help bail out a soured real estate investment through a family-owned company called MoBo Real Estate Partners LLC.
 On an earnings call this week, chief executive officer Ahmet Beyaz confirmed that state-owned TC Ziraat Bankasi AS was interested in acquiring the lender.
 Earlier this year, companies including Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned, withdrew deposits amid government criticism of the company.
 Analysts estimated a 07 percent drop, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 McDonald’s has more than 35,600 restaurants worldwide and about 19 percent are owned by the company.
 By 2016, the chain is seeking to franchise as many as 1,500 of its company-owned stores, primarily overseas, it said in a statement in May.
 These shoppers are choosing cheaper, tax-free, used or contraband merchandise over visiting shopping malls or department stores like Sears, owned in Mexico by billionaire Carlos Slim’s Grupo Sanborns SAB.
 He was referring to two other retailers, Grupo Elektra SAB -- owned by billionaire Ricardo Salinas -- and Grupo Famsa SAB.
 Amid the sprawling center of commercial stands held up by wire fencing and plastic-tarp roofing in a low-income neighborhood in northeastern Mexico City, Ortiz was almost drowned out by merchants calling out to customers through speakers.
 said it expects further Chinese stock gains in the third quarter as the government announces more reforms of state-owned enterprises and the Shanghai-Hong Kong Connect lures funds into mainland shares.
 Commercial Bank of Qatar agreed to acquire 71 percent of Alternatifbank AS in March 2013, while Turkey’s biggest listed lender, Turkiye Garanti Bankasi AS, is 25 percent owned by Spain’s Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA.
 Bulut last week contradicted Deputy Prime Minister Ali Babacan, who said state-owned TC Ziraat Bankasi AS was interested in buying Bank Asya, which had been in exclusive talks with Qatar Islamic Bank SAQ.
 The company named Zhang Qiang, a former vice president of state-owned China Film Co, as its new chief executive officer on Aug.
 will become a joint stock company instead of a “state-wholly-owned enterprise,” the China Everbright Ltd.
 As the ruling Communist Party pledges a bigger role for markets in the economy, makeovers for government businesses have included Citic Group -- China’s first state-owned investment corporation -- shifting assets into a Hong Kong-listed unit.
 “It may take a village to raise a child, but many administrators and parents in better-resourced parts of our region had no problem saying quite publicly that Michael Brown and his brothers and sisters did not belong in their village,” the black-owned St.
 as part of a deal to restructure a $2 billion investment provided by the Abu Dhabi government-owned investor.
 “This will definitely lead to rising investments in advanced equipment” Panel Pricing Unlike other industries, a shortage probably won’t boost prices, said Arno Harris, CEO of Recurrent Energy, a San Francisco-based developer owned by Sharp Corp.
 It also cut output by 97,000 tons at the Sao Luis smelter in Maranhao that is 40 percent-owned by BHP Billiton Ltd.
 State-owned Denel was formed in 1992 from the former Armscor, with London-based BAE having sought to take a 30 percent stake in 2000 before the deal fell through over the subsequent three years.
 have restored equity to many properties owned by delinquent borrowers.
 Mailru is controlled by Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov and part-owned by China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd.
 MTV, the music network owned by New York-based Viacom Inc, employed Stolz from June 2006 through June 2010, according to Finra records.
 Jim Prosser, a spokesman for Twitter, referred to a statement in an updated earnings presentation when asked about the change: “Twitter previously indicated that for this period approximately 14 percent of all active users used applications that have the capability to automatically contact our servers for regular updates, but later discovered that this number included certain users who accessed Twitter through owned and operated applications” Spam Accounts An internal review estimated that false or spam accounts represent less than 5 percent of Twitter members, and the company is seeking to improve its ability to detect them.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Turkey’s biggest state-owned bank is branching out from being a traditional lender to farmers to providing the country’s largest corporate loan as the government pushes an expansion ahead of an initial public offering.
 Turkey’s government, which has said it plans to eventually sell shares in the bank, has encouraged Ziraat and two other state-owned lenders to broaden their offerings and include Islamic banking.
 life insurer owned by policyholders, should India change its foreign direct investment rules.
 The newspaper, owned by Tribune Publishing Co, is surveying readers about various marketing messages that could accompany a switch to a “new, compact size” One query presented the format as “easier to hold and handle, and you no longer need to fold or maneuver the paper in order to read it” The survey suggests Tribune Publishing, spun off from Tribune Media Co.
 UPS, the world’s largest package-shipping company, said its breach may have been limited because each franchised retail outlet is individually owned and runs independent, private networks not connected to other locations.
 The five most-owned Time Warner calls, all expiring in August or October, fell more than 88 percent.
 Other developments in Seattle include a 137-room Element Hotel, a brand owned by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc, in the Belltown neighborhood and a 184-room luxury SLS Hotel in the office district.
 Homes in central Harlem were on the market for a median of 49 days, a 30 percent decrease from a year earlier and a shorter amount of time than in Midtown and the Upper East Side, according to Streeteasy, a New York real estate website owned by Zillow Inc.
 Bank Owners The unit and parent -- owned by some of its largest clients including Bank of America Corp, Wells Fargo & Co, Citigroup Inc, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and trade groups such as the Mortgage Bankers Association -- were accused by federal regulators of failing to maintain proper oversight and controls amid the “robo-signing” of documents that threw the legality of some transactions into doubt.
 and Florida Power & Light Co, a regulated utility owned by NextEra Energy, Inc, are pushing with greater emphasis, as aging power plants and transmission grids force them to plan for billions of dollars in replacement costs.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- China’s stocks rose to an eight-month high, led by financial and commodity shares, on speculation the government is accelerating state-owned enterprise reform and relaxing rules to help brokerages free up capital for expansion.
 Brokerages Rally As the ruling Communist Party pledges a bigger role for markets in the economy, state businesses such as Everbright and Citic Group -- China’s first state-owned investment corporation -- are getting ownership makeovers.
 China will convert most state-owned enterprises to mixed ownership in the future, the China Securities Journal reported, citing Peng Jianguo, an official at the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission’s research center.
 Majority-owned unit Petron Corp, the nation’s largest oil company, on Aug.
 San Miguel Brewery Inc, which sells nine of 10 beers in the Philippines and is 51 percent owned by San Miguel, posted sales of 377 billion pesos, compared with 368 billion pesos a year earlier.
 He also owned the New York Jets football team, which he forbade family members from controlling and ordered its sale to pay estate taxes to preserve the family’s interest in Hess Corp, according to his will.
 Pepe Jeans Group, which is owned by Torreal, Arta Capital, L Capital and management, is working with Morgan Stanley to explore the sale of the business, Bloomberg News reported on July 28.
 already have agreements to collaborate with Mexico’s state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex, which may boost their chances for joint ventures.
 Convertible Bonds Oaktree, founded by Howard Marks, also owned as much as $5 million of Molycorp’s 325 percent convertibles at the end of March, Bloomberg data show.
 The American investment bank helped transform state-owned Rosneft from a business the Russian government failed to sell three times in 1998 into the world’s biggest publicly traded oil producer by output.
 The resulting entity would have been majority-owned by the government.
 Bank of Communications Co, the Chinese lender part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, rose 14 percent after posting second-quarter profit that beat estimates.
 Another complication was the recession, which put downward pressure on resort rentals in Virginia Beach, where MoBo owned two houses, Maureen C.
 Samwer and his two brothers owned about 66 percent of Rocket Internet as of June.
 CSN Houston, which is also owned by the National Basketball Association’s Houston Rockets, Major League Baseball’s Houston Astros, as well as Comcast’s NBC Universal, filed for bankruptcy last year.
 Weaker Demand The company, which is about 87 percent owned by the public sector, today predicted a 2014 margin for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of about 7 percent of revenue.
 Any consolidation in Europe could affect the region’s main producers including Oto Melara SpA of Italy, part of Finmeccanica SpA, which makes artillery systems and armored vehicles and developed the Ariete tank, and Spain’s Santa Barbara Sistemas, owned by General Dynamics since 2001.
 Vringo was a company that sold telephone ring tones before it merged with Innovate/Protect, which owned the Lycos patents.
 Taco Bell, owned by Louisville, Kentucky-based Yum! Brands Inc, had tested the menu on a more limited basis last year.
 “That’s what’s been happening to equity markets as the Federal Reserve has been accommodative” The S&P 500 added 03 percent to 1,99237 yesterday as data showed fewer Americans than economists forecast applied for unemployment benefits last week and purchases of previously owned US.
 Adding Iron Ore Holdings, 53-percent owned by billionaire Kerry Stokes’s Australian Capital Equity Pty’s Wroxby Pty unit, gives BC Iron access to resources of 16 billion metric tons of iron ore, development projects and a port lease at Cape Preston.
 TAG owned more than 70,000 homes valued at about 36 billion euros at the end of last year, according to its website.
 Shares of the Bangkok-based company owned by billionaire Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi slid 36 percent to 5350 baht at the trading break in Bangkok, poised for the lowest close since July 18.
 Berli Jucker is 738 percent owned by TCC Holding Co.
 “It’s one of the most successful names we’ve ever owned,” Hewlett said.
 Myriad owned an $87 million stake in Micron, the largest US.
 Azentus boosted the number of Micron shares it owned by more than 50 percent to a holding worth $36 million, according to its filing.
 Washington-based Fannie Mae, owned by taxpayers after being seized by the government six years ago, had net income of $37 billion for the three months through June, according to a regulatory filing today.
 and Whole Foods Market Inc, as well as in locally owned boutiques.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Al Jazeera Satellite Network manufactured claims to $65 million tied to its 2013 purchase of Current TV, the cable network owned by former US.
 Al Jazeera is using the “underhanded tactic” of turning the escrow fund into “a reservoir from which to pull money to buy favor with its distributors,” the partnership that owned Current TV said in the complaint.
 Evercore’s equities business, which is partially owned by employees, will be merged with ISI into a new unit, to be called Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, one of the people said.
 In April 2008, minority shareholders of Pacific Century Premium Developments Ltd, then 16 percent-owned by Elliott, blocked a buyout by parent PCCW Ltd.
 Elliott owned about 9 percent of Henderson Investment then.
 A company statement said the company is “in no way in the process of reviewing any plan to become a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche” Shares of Roche declined about 1 percent in Swiss trading on Aug.
 Roche owned 62 percent of Chugai as of June 30, 2014, according to the Swiss company’s annual report.
 “Investors are also getting excited about asset injections from Chinese SOEs” China Resources Land surged 76 percent to HK$1818 after saying it agreed to buy a Shenzhen property project from a unit of its state-owned parent.
 ‘Appropriate’ Actions After the court defeat, Carbon Finance, the Blackstone-owned company that bought O’Flynn’s loans for more than 1 billion euros, said in a statement its actions were “appropriate and necessary” The company declined to comment beyond the statement while officials at Blackstone in London declined to comment.
 The KSE 100 has risen 11 percent this year on expectations government moves to privatize state-owned companies and lower power subsidies will improve the nation’s economic stability after it received a loan from the International Monetary Fund last year.
 Founded in southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don in 2010, RIF exported all its grain through the terminal owned by OOO Promexpedition, which increased capacity to 250,000 tons a month after an upgrade that ended last August, Khodykin said in a phone interview Aug.
 Yigit Bulut, chief adviser to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, yesterday denied comments by Deputy Prime Minister Ali Babacan that the government wants state-owned TC Ziraat BankasiAS to buy Bank Asya, as the lender is known.
 2 explosion at a factory owned by Kunshan Zhongrong Metal Products Co, Xinhua said today, without citing anyone.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- Telekom Austria AG, the phone company majority-owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, cut its sales forecast after second-quarter earnings missed estimates as competition and regulation weighed on call and data prices.
 Optim is indirectly owned by Cascade Investment LLC, an investment vehicle for Gates, co-founder of Microsoft Corp.
 Shares of state-owned Aeroflot also fell today, sinking 59 percent to 4697 rubles in Moscow, the lowest close since April 15.
 4 breach of the waste-storage pond at the Mount Polley copper and gold mine, owned by Vancouver-based Imperial Metals Corp.
 The clashes have at times disrupted transport, including the movement of coal by rail to the coast from mines owned by Rio Tinto Plc and Vale SA last year.
 Cutrale, a closely held juice maker controlled by Brazil’s Jose Luis Cutrale, partnered with banks owned by Joseph Safra, the country’s second-richest man, to challenge the Fyffes deal.
 Ohi Alegbe, a spokesman for Nigeria’s oil ministry and the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp, couldn’t immediately comment when contacted by phone today.
 The foundry, which employs about 3,900 people and was previously owned by Essen, Germany-based ThyssenKrupp AG, had sales of $174 billion in its most recent fiscal year.
 The EU agreed last week to bar Russia’s state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe and put restrictions on oil and military industry exports.
 followed with penalties against three Russian banks and a state-owned shipbuilder.
 Gannett already owned 27 percent of the auto-sales website.
 and Danone among foreign-owned businesses that have fallen under anti-monopoly scrutiny in China since last year.
 “No company is allowed to break laws with impunity in China, be it Chinese or foreign, state-owned or private” No Xenophobia In its July 30 commentary, Xinhua cited antitrust investigations of China Telecom Corp.
 Vice President Al Gore sued Al Jazeera, claiming the satellite news provider owned by the Qatari royal family owes him and a partner $65 million from a deal to buy his network, Current TV.
 “The next challenge is exports” Shale Boom Global Partners, a tax-exempt master limited partnership with a $119 billion market value, was worth half that when Slifka flew into the Bakken in 2011 to meet a local entrepreneur who owned a rail facility along the Canadian Pacific line.
 border to meet Don Bottrell, who owned a women’s clothing business, oil and gas wells and a trans-loading site in the area.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Bruce Berkowitz, manager of the $865 billion Fairholme Fund, reduced his fund’s stake in the common stock of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac while maintaining his bet on preferred shares of the US-owned mortgage finance companies.
 Etisalat Misr, 66 percent owned by the Abu Dhabi company known as Etisalat, has asked banks for proposals to manage the share sale, the people said.
 Edita Food Industries, a snacksmaker part-owned by London-based buyout firm Actis LLP, is considering an IPO, four people familiar with the matter said in May.
 Banco Espirito Santo is 20 percent owned by Espirito Santo Financial Group, part of a chain of companies linked to the bank’s founding family.
 plans to almost double capacity on its South African iron-ore rail line as the state-owned operator looks beyond a slump in prices for the steelmaking ingredient and bets miners will raise production.
 Assmang Ltd, a unit of Johannesburg-based African Rainbow Minerals Ltd, Samancor Manganese, owned by Melbourne-based BHP Billiton, and Anglo American are the three main producers of the mineral in the Kalahari Basin region.
 Katz was a lawyer and businessman who once owned the New Jersey Nets basketball team, New Jersey Devils hockey team and ran a billboard company and parking-lot operator.
 Alcohol can only be sold in Canada’s most populous province through government-run stores, a beer retailer majority-owned by Anheuser-Busch Inbev NV and Molson Coors Brewing Co, and a chain of wine stores operated by the country’s two largest winemakers.
 “Europe is a step behind,” said Andrew Porter, director of research at Campden Wealth, which is a family owned business.
 The sanctions bar Russia’s state-owned banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe, restricting the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry and barring the sale of technology with military uses.
 The government in Oslo has adjusted fishing quotas to support prices and DNB, part government owned, says it’s ready to provide temporary debt relief to aid its marine clients.
 Companies such as Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned, withdrew deposits from Asya this year amid the government’s criticism of the lender.
 While the Islamic lender was still involved in partnership negotiations with Qatar Islamic Bank SAQ, Babacan said that the government desired a takeover by state-owned TC Ziraat Bankasi AS, as part of a push to expand Turkey’s share of Shariah-compliant banking.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, surged the most in a month.
 The highway plan has triggered calls for a referendum from union leaders of state-owned highway companies who fear job losses and argue the roads are a national treasure.
 The state-owned carrier turned to profit last year, after an initial plan to sell a 49-percent stake failed.
 Once a deal is reached, China General Nuclear will own amajority stake in the project and will have to work with state-owned Nuclearelectrica to secure funding.
 Air Berlin, partly owned by Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways PJSC, said today it was abandoning a deal for 18 of Boeing’s single-aisle 737s and 15 Dreamliners.
 Bisignano poached three other JPMorgan executives and brought in Joseph Plumeri, the former chairman and CEO at Willis Group Holdings, a company KKR previously owned, to retool the sales force and be vice chairman.
 “It’s important for us that as pricing comes down and voice is under pressure that we invest in new growth areas to pick up some of the slack of a decrease in voice” Vodacom, which is 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, is expanding its Internet offering to small-to-medium sized business customers to offset dwindling sales from traditional voice phone calls.
 The state-owned company’s plant, which will use gas from the Kudu fields some 200 kilometers (124 miles) offshore from the southern town of Oranjemund, is expected to start generation in early 2018.
 “When scanning the landscape of foreign-owned financial services companies in Canada, HSBC stands out,” Dechaine said in a Sept.
 The Maranello-based company, which is 90 percent-owned by Fiat, is a key component of Marchionne’s plans to expand in luxury cars to better compete with Volkswagen AG, which owns Lamborghini among its stable of high-end nameplates.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Bpifrance, the French state-owned investment bank, sold a stake in phone company Orange SA for 580 million euros ($732 million) after the stock jumped more than 30 percent this year.
 Bpifrance is owned by the French government and Caisse des Depots, a state-controlled financial and investment group.
 18 referendum as RBS, 80 percent owned bythe government, is the second-largest lender in Scotland behindLloyds Banking Group Plc (LLOY), analysts estimate.
 Founded in 2007, Korea Multiplex owned 50 percent of closely held Megabox as of December and Jcontentree Corp.
 Secondary buyer AlpInvest Partners BV, owned by the Carlyle Group LP, helped structure a deal that involved purchasing fund stakes from HVB and providing about $450 million in capital for new investments.
 NetJets Inc, the private plane operator owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The company, which is 80 percent owned by the British government, said last month it’s considering selling the international arm of its Coutts private bank to focus on wealthy UK.
 It’s different this time around” Four of the seven properties opening in the next three years are being built or owned by pension funds, according to Cushman & Wakefield.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s Department of Energy rejected what it said were claims President Jacob Zuma had exerted “undue influence” to push through a nuclear deal between his government and Russian state-owned Rosatom Corp.
 “Tesco owned the world,” said Munger, whose firm last disclosed a 37 percent stake in the company.
 Data Watch A report today showed purchases of previously owned US.
 Public Holding The government, which owns 8965 percent in the company, also needs to comply with a June 19 ruling by the capital markets regulator that requires state-owned companies to increase public shareholding to at least 25 percent within three years.
 Prot, 63, a graduate of French business school HEC and the elite Ecole Nationale d’Administration, joined state-owned Banque Nationale de Paris SA in 1983.
 Italy controls Eni through the Treasury and a 26 percent stake owned by state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti SpA.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- PT Pertamina, Indonesia’s state-owned energy company, agreed to buy a 30 percent stake in Murphy Oil Corp’s oil and natural gas assets in Malaysia for $2 billion in cash.
 The deal is subject to approval from Malaysia’s state-owned Petroliam Nasional Bhd, also known and Petronas, which is both a partner in Murphy’s operations there and oversees the Southeast Asian nation’s oil reserves, Barry Jeffery, a Murphy spokesman, said today in an e-mail.
 “Whatever the result we will continue to serve our Scottish customers” EE, which is co-owned by Deutsche Telekom AG and Orange SA, echoed the view that independence is entirely an issue for the Scottish people.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Brew Hub LLC, the craft-beer venture that’s majority owned by billionaire investor Ron Burkle, is taking its attack on traditional brewers straight to Budweiser’s back door.
 An index of contracts to purchase previously owned homes dropped 1 percent in August after a 32 percent gain the prior month, according to data from the National Association of Realtors.
 Dealing with Volksbanken is complicated by the fact thatthe cooperative is ultimately owned by some 700,000 of itsclients and that about 13 billion euros of retail deposits areheld at the banks.
 ‘Good Chance’ Andrea Giuricin, a professor at Milan’s Bicocca University, said there is a “good chance” Trujillo could succeed, especially if he could win state-owned lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti SpA on board in any deal.
 would take measures to ensure foreign-owned firms preserve jobs or plants after acquiring UK.
 He is a former finance director of state-owned powerutility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 doors, Harley, Triumph and Polaris Industries Inc-owned Indian Motorcycle Co.
 Aeon will make Daiei a wholly owned subsidiary, the Nikkei reported yesterday.
 The FCC considers AMC to be partly owned by Cablevision Systems Corp, Gallant said.
 FCC action might grant the new services the right to buy programming owned by cable companies, and possibly to feature television broadcasts, said the person briefed on the agency’s plan.
Three investment funds say theFrench soccer league has given them permission to give financingto teams in exchange for sharing a player’s transfer fee, asystem that some sports bodies have frowned upon.
 or European capital marketsGovernment support may be one way of keeping new projects ontrack at Rosneft, 695 percent owned by the state, he said.
 26 (Bloomberg) -- Japan Post Co, the state-owned operator of the country’s 24,000 post offices, agreed to purchase a 40 percent stake in Credit Saison Co’s asset-management unit and form a capital alliance.
 Germany can lead the way and help revive the emissions market, according to Vattenfall AB, the Sweden-owned utility and Germany’s second-biggest emitter after RWE.
 Gross owned 49 percent of that fund, equal to $63 million of shares as of Aug.
 The sanctions will bar some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the bloc, the officials said.
 China Galaxy Securities Co, a Hong Kong-listed broker part-owned by China’s sovereign wealth fund, slumped 55 percent after saying its fixed-income chief and two other employees are cooperating with the nation’s judicial authority.
 Sarmiento Angulo owned 959 percent of Aval’s common shares and 608 percent of its preferred shares as of Sept.
 “Part of our mission is to think about what new voices we want to champion, someone who is a great new face and voice and comes with a following,” said Jeff Olde, head of programming for E!, owned by Comcast Corp’s NBCUniversal.
 Motivating Fans Executives of Studio 71, owned by ProSiebenSat1 Media AG, monitored viewers by the minute during an episode of “TV Total,” which Meinberger called Germany’s “Tonight Show” Audiences peaked during the Gronkh and Sarazar segment for both live and on-demand viewing, he said.
 Contracts expiring in December with a $26 strike price on the homebuilder ETF are the most-owned, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 A report today showed purchases of previously owned US.
 State-owned power utility Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA was the best performer on the gauge.
 “The XE launches into what is arguably the most competitive premium segment of all,” and rivals including the 3-Series, Audi A4 and Mercedes C-Class have “far greater scale advantages” The mid-sized model, which was unveiled today in London, is part of a record spending spree by Jaguar Land Rover, the luxury-car maker owned by India’s Tata Motors Ltd.
 The Wall Street Journal reported that Guo, the governor of Shandong province who also has experience running a state-owned lender and the foreign-exchange regulator, is the top contender to replace Zhou.
 A negotiating team is being set up and the plant will behanded over to state-owned water utility, Namibia Water Corp,once the deal is completed, Iita said.
 and RH International Corp, a wholly owned unit of Thailand’s Ratchaburi, will invest in solar power generation worth 33 megawatts in the initial phase, according to a company statement to the Thailand stock exchange.
 He questioned why Amari was able to attach the diamonds even though the dispute was with the state-owned Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp.
 ZMDC is also active in the area through its wholly owned Marange Resources unit.
 The government is compelling foreign-owned miners and banks to cede control under its so-called indigenization policy.
 He also helped bring a $5 billion civil lawsuit against Standard & Poor’s, the credit-rating firm owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
 IPO Recovery Companies including Edita Food Industries SAE, a snacks maker part-owned by London-based buyout firm Actis LLP, and a subsidiary of Emaar Properties PJSC, the Dubai-based developer of the world’s tallest tower, are considering initial public offerings in Cairo to take advantage of resurgent stock prices.
 Treasury owned GM stock and ever since, we have worked to align executive compensation with the long-term interests of stockholders, and we will continue to do so” Congress created TARP in 2008 amid a financial shock that threatened to drag the US.
 Magdalena Andersson, the party’s economic spokeswoman and the likely finance minister if the Social Democrat-led opposition prevails in this month’s election, has proposed using state-owned bank SBAB to bring down mortgage rates, already at four-year lows, to make housing more affordable.
 She said in an interview that state-owned lender SBAB should lower its rates, forcing Sweden’s biggest banks -- Nordea Bank AB, Svenska Handelsbanken AB, Swedbank AB and SEB AB -- to follow suit.
 The Shanghai Composite has rebounded 16 percent since mid-March, spurred by speculation the Chinese government will reduce ownership of state-owned enterprises and a planned link between exchanges in Hong Kong and Shanghai will fuel inflows.
 drilling in Russia with one of Hamilton, Bermuda-based Seadrill’s rigs, and to affect contracts between Rosneft and Seadrill’s 70 percent-owned unit North Atlantic Drilling Ltd.
 Verno was hired last year “to exclusively advise”Mubadala Development Co, the Abu Dhabi (ADCB) government-ownedinvestor, on its co-investment with the Russian DirectInvestment Fund.
 It’s owned by Beacon Capital Partners and a partnership of Ivanhoe Cambridge, the real estate unit of Canada’s second-largest pension-fund manager, and Callahan Capital Properties.
 Draghi, Kuroda ECB President Mario Draghi this month announced a final round of interest-rate cuts and a plan to buy privately owned securities as he seeks to revive inflation in the 18-nation euro area.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Britain’s second-biggest government-owned lender, is eliminating as many as 10 employees in its financial markets unit, according to two people with knowledge of the decision.
 The European Central Bank helped send two-year note yields below zero in eight countries in the region this month after unexpectedly announcing an interest-rate cut and saying it would buy some privately owned securities.
 The growth of Aldi and fellow German-owned discounter Lidlhas changed the British grocery landscape over the last fiveyears.
 Works include a statue previously owned by Pablo Picassoand an Ivory Coast figure estimated at more than $5 million.
 The defense ministry in 2012 barred Singapore Technologies Kinetics, Rheinmetall Air Defence, state-owned Israel Military Industries, The Corporation Zashchita, TS.
 is taking a $400 million short-term loan from the hedge fund owned by its chief executive officer and largest shareholder, Edward Lampert.
 The Briar Wyck and dozens of similar buildings in New York’s outer boroughs are owned by Rubin Schron, a Brooklyn investor who has amassed a $16 billion fortune, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
 ‘Legendary Name’ The payment was structured as a purchase by Omnicare of a Schron-owned entity that was worth far less than $50 million, the Justice Department claimed.
 Vodacom, majority owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, wants to generate 30 percent of service revenue outside its home market within four years, compared with about 22 percent now, Kumalo said.
 A BofA fund manager survey of participants representing a combined $529 billion in assets last month showed global investors owned the least UK.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Jose Ramos lived the American Dream as a real estate agent who owned two houses in the majority Hispanic city of Santa Ana, California.
 Owning a home is consistently linked with increases of as much as $10,000 in net wealth for each year a home is owned, the study said.
 Representative Mark Takano, a Democrat representing a majority Hispanic district in California’s Riverside County, east of Los Angeles, said he’s worried about the number of homes in his neighborhoods that are owned by investors instead of families who have a stake in the community.
 would take measures to ensure foreign-owned firms preserve jobs or plants after acquiring UK.
 He owned the Grand Hotel Heiligendamm on the Baltic Sea that was used for a Group of Eight summit in 2007 before it became insolvent in 2012.
 Brown “rightly decided to choose economic opportunity and job growth over appeasing special interest groups, led by the Service Employees International Union” McDonald’s has more than 14,200 domestic locations, and about 90 percent are owned by franchisees.
 Qatar Luxury Group, a company owned by the Qatar Foundation, which is controlled by the Emir of Qatar, purchased a majority stake in May 2011 and now owns about 86 percent of the shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 It’s a change of pace for Sears, which opened its first store in Mexico City in 1947 and whose 82 Mexican locations are now owned by Slim’s Grupo Sanborns SAB.
 target blue-collar shoppers, the Mexican stores owned by Grupo Sanborns have a more high-end clientele.
 expanded sanctions against Russia today to include the country’s largest bank, OAO Sberbank, as well as energy, defense and technology companies owned by the state.
 The government also needs to comply with a June 19 ruling by the capital markets regulator, requiring state-owned companies to increase their public shareholding to at least 25 percent within three years.
 The money is coming from everywhere and not all of it is China-driven” Foreign Ownership About 875 percent of agricultural land is Australian owned, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
 division last year followinghis resignation after two months as chief financial officer ofRoyal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s biggest governmentowned bank.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Metalloinvest Holding Co, the Russian iron-ore producer partly owned by billionaire Alisher Usmanov, expects Chinese demand to spur a rebound in prices from a five-year low by December.
South African state-owned companiesEskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- The operator of the Indiana Toll Road, owned by affiliates of Macquarie Group Ltd.
 ITR Concession is jointly owned by Madrid-based Ferrovial’s Cintra Concesiones and two affiliates of Sydney-based Macquarie, Australia’s largest investment bank.
 As Airbus is a minority shareholder in some assets, including Atlas, which is 51 percent owned by ThyssenKrupp AG, group revenue would not be diminished by that same amount after a sale, Belz said.
 The mine is 66 percent owned by Vancouver-based Turquoise Hill Resources, which is 51 percent controlled by Rio.
 Espirito Santo Saude is 51 percent-controlled by a unit of Espirito Santo Group, a family-owned network of companies with several businesses under creditor protection following a failure to meet debt payments.
 There’s no need to sell its 51 percent stake in San Miguel Brewery Inc, partly owned by Kirin Holdings Co, he said.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Euro-area government bonds declined on concern the European Central Bank may lack the tools to deliver fully on a measure it announced last week to buy privately-owned assets.
 Public, Private Credit risk for India’s state-owned enterprises has declined less than for private companies, according to the Bloomberg report.
 “Policy makers have taken a tough and consistent stance to bring down inflation, which is clearly the biggest concern for the economy,” said Rupa Nitsure, an economist in Mumbai at state-owned Bank of Baroda.
 “When it comes to bonds,” the New York Times reportedFriday, “Pimco fund managers own nearly everything: commandingpositions in United States Treasuries, government-ownedcompanies in Russia and Brazil and every variety of mortgagesecurity” With Pimco saying yesterday it plans to change the waythings are done, it doesn’t seem like a fair fight, does it? Nordoes it sound entirely upright.
 State-owned Rosatom and South Africa’s Department of Energy said yesterday their intergovernmental agreement laid the foundation for as many as eight Russian VVER reactors that used pressurized water.
 “They have other suitors,” including the Adani Group and Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Energy Ltd, he said.
 8, 2013, days before fact discovery ended” The behavior of Chalumeau, owned by Acacia Research Corp, allowed it “to keep its costs low while forcing Alcatel to spend considerable sums defending a frivolous lawsuit,” the court found.
 Duringa bank run, the firm is forced to sell assets at a loss to paythe departing depositors until its capital is wiped outWithdrawals by government agencies and state-owned companiesreduced Bank Asya’s deposits by 30 percent from September 2013to March 2014.
 The Mumbai-based company and Essar Energy, which is owned by billionaire brothers Shashi and Ravikant Ruia, have invested a combined $38 billion in power plants and an aluminum smelter to be fueled by coal from planned Mahan coal block, which also stands canceled.
 It spared two blocks awarded to a Reliance Power Ltd- owned 4,000 megawatt power plant that was allotted through competitive bidding and one each given to state-run NTPC Ltd.
 Purchases of previously owned US.
 Associated, a cooperative, is owned by 500 retail members who operate supermarkets.
 Simplexity is indirectly owned by affiliates of Versa Capital Management LLC, a Philadelphia-based private-equity firm.
 The insurance company that it owned had been taken over by Illinois regulators.
 Renova Group owned a 33 percent stake in Sulzer as of July 3.
 Globalive is owned by Lacavera’s AAL Corp.
 Ferrari, which is 90 percent-owned by Fiat, is a key component of Chief Executive Officer Sergio Marchionne’s plans to expand in luxury cars to better compete with Volkswagen AG, which owns Lamborghini among its stable of high-end nameplates.
 RBS, 80 percent owned by the British government, and Lloydsshares have fallen since a weekend poll showed the Yes voteleading for the first time in the Sept.
 All businesses will remain within UBS AG, which in turn will be owned by UBS Group.
 He owned shares in 14 Pimco closed-end funds as of the start of July after adding almost $60 million of his own money in May and June, data compiled by Bloomberg showed.
 ANA Cargo is expanding operations after ANA Holdings, Japan’s biggest passenger airline by volume and sales, spun off the freight-and-logistics business as a wholly owned unit in April.
 Exxon is using the West Alpha rig owned by Seadrill Ltd.
 Lionel owned about 19 percent of Ezra, according to the company’s annual report.
 Inheritance Taxes The 61 million shares being sold in the IPO are currently owned by Samsung Electro-Mechanics Co, according to the filing.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest government-owned lender, is cutting lending faster than other banks are making loans, UK.
Jimmy Choo, the luxury shoemaker owned by JAB Holdings, may begin its initial public offering in London as soon as this month amid rising demand for expensive footwear, according to people with knowledge of the situation.
 Mailru is part-owned by Africa’s largest media company Naspers Ltd.
 That gave the Chinese company aminority stake in the venture, which is majority owned byMulchandani.
 SKAI Holdings, majority-owned by Mulchandani, said it hassold about 1,200 hotel rooms and apartments in advance on two ofits three projects.
 The project, half owned by each company, will supply fuel for power plants and home heating and is expected to be in service in November 2018.
 20, the most-owned contracts, soared to $330 yesterday from 10 cents on Aug.
 Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment firm, owned about 67 million ADRs, or more than 11 percent of 21Vianet as of June 30, according to a filing with the US.
 Mozambique’s government should bring Rio Tinto, ICVL and workers at the coal venture together for talks to address concerns that their jobs are at risk, according to the advertisement in Noticias, the state-owned daily broadsheet newspaper.
 1 to cancel 172 mine permits, including one for a central India coal project part-owned by Hindalco.
 Too Large Stephen Gauthier, chief investment officer at Fin-XO Securities Inc, has owned Couche-Tard stock for six years and wants the company to slow down.
 EU Sanctions The EU agreed to implement plans to bar some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the bloc, three EU officials said under condition of anonymity in Brussels.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- IndCor Properties Inc, the warehouse landlord owned by Blackstone Group LP, filed for a US.
 Another hotel company co-owned by Blackstone, Extended Stay America Inc, went public in November.
 The benchmark index has advanced 10 percent this year on speculation the government will reduce ownership of state-owned enterprises and a link between exchanges in Hong Kong and Shanghai will fuel fund inflows.
 expanded sanctions against Russia to include Sberbank, energy companies as well as five state-owned defense and technology companies.
 Alrosa, which is state-owned, doesn’t have any information about the government’s plans to probe its management’s effectiveness, the press service said by e-mail today.
 “We have been adding to our Brazilian exposure and inparticular have been buying Brazilian state-owned enterpriseswhere the outlook is improving and they are priced at deepdiscounts to their intrinsic value,” Dipak Chouhan, a productspecialist for Latin America investments at Santander AssetManagement, said in an e-mailed response to questions.
 The two most-owned VIX contracts are calls expiring tomorrow with strike prices of 19 and 20, Bloomberg data show.
 in winning approval for banking services, as partof a trial program that the CBRC made public in March to createfive privately owned banks focused on smaller businesses thathave limited access to credit.
 Internet company Tencent was among those allowed toestablish three privately owned lenders in the cities ofShenzhen, Wenzhou and Tianjin, the regulator said in July.
 The $11 billion investment-fund Jana, which owned 12 percent of Walgreen shares as of June 30, will use the board positions to push for more buybacks, a person familiar with the matter said.
 Of the 10 most-owned contracts, seven were bullish.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Isidoro Alvarez, the chairman of El Corte Ingles, built the Spanish retailer into western Europe’s largest department-store owner by focusing the family-owned company on the domestic market.
 The court spared two blocks awarded to a Reliance Power Ltd-owned 4,000 megawatt power plant that was allotted through competitive bidding and one each given to state-run NTPC Ltd.
 Australia, Turkey IHH, 44 percent-owned by Malaysia’s sovereign wealth fund Khazanah Nasional Bhd, is currently trading at 45 times its projected 12-month forward earnings, close to the highest level since it was listed in 2012.
 “We have also secured major agreements with aircraft lessors and commitments on future investment from Greybull” Subject to further negotiations with Greybull, a family-owned investment firm, a sale should be completed by the end of October, Swaffield said.
 Analysts estimated a gain of 10 percent gain, on average, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 These include Mbeya Cement Co, which is partly owned by Paris-based Lafarge SA, Bharti Airtel Ltd’s domestic unit, Mtibwa Sugar Estates Ltd, National Bank of Commerce Ltd, Tanzania Postal Bank Ltd.
 Representatives of NBCUniversal, which is owned by Comcast Corp, didn’t immediately respond to e-mail messages yesterday seeking comment on the ruling.
 Louisiana Public Service Chairman Eric Skrmetta said at the meeting that he wouldn’t support a sale of the company to another investor-owned utility.
 “Any company should be free to choose where to locate its base, in the light of what best suits the stability and competitiveness of its business” RBS and Lloyds, which is 25 percent state-owned, want the government to introduce new legislation to help speed up the process of moving their domiciles to England in the event of a Yes vote, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.
 RBS, 80 percent owned by the British government, and Lloyds shares have fallen since a weekend poll showed the Yes vote leading for the first time in the Sept.
 “If we were no longer to operate in one state with one market and -– broadly –- one set of rules, our business model would inevitably become more complex,” said Andy Clarke, the CEO of the supermarket chain, which is owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 The planned provisions -- originally due to be publishedtoday -- include barring some Russian state-owned defense andenergy companies from raising capital in the EU, according to aEuropean official who spoke on the usual condition of anonymity.
 Even so, “we want to give it a chance” In an initial set of economic sanctions imposed in lateJuly, the EU barred five state-owned Russian banks from sellingshares or bonds in Europe; restricted the export of equipment tomodernize the oil industry; prohibited new contracts to sellarms to Russia; and banned the export of machinery, electronicsand other civilian products with military uses -- so-calleddual-use goods -- to military users.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator, signed a 10-year, 24 billion-rand ($21 billion) coal-haulage deal with miner BHP Billiton Ltd.
 “The goal was to save the world from AIG” Starr is improperly seeking “a $40 billion windfall,” said Dintzer, who called the bailout was “the largest package of assistance in human history” Even though AIG shareholders owned less of the company for a period, they still received a benefit, Dintzer said.
 By 2012, the bailout included a $60 billion credit line from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, a Treasury investment of as much as $698 billion and as much as $525 billion from the Fed to buy mortgage-linked assets once owned or backed by the insurer.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Vivint Solar, the rooftop power producer owned by Blackstone Group LP, is seeking to raise as much as $371 million from its initial public offering.
 Prot, 63, a graduate of French business school HEC and the elite Ecole Nationale d’Administration, joined state-owned Banque Nationale de Paris SA in 1983.
 Ferrari, based in Maranello, Italy, is 90 percent-owned by Fiat and a key component of Marchionne’s plans to expand in luxury cars following the merger to create Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV.
 real estate investment trust, will acquire Jersey Gardens in Elizabeth, New Jersey, and University Park Village in Fort Worth, Texas -- properties currently owned by Glimcher -- for $109 billion in cash.
 The combined company may seek to buy more properties where tenant sales are lower on a per-square-foot basis than at malls owned by Simon and other top-tier landlords, said Jeffrey Langbaum, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst.
 Cartier, a brand owned by Cie.
 The ECB will directly oversee 120 “significant credit institutions” Savings banks owned by municipalities or foundations and local mutual cooperatives effectively owned by their clients make up a large share of that total.
 Germany’s Landesbanken, some of which needed multiple rescues, like Bayerische Landesbank, or failed like WestLB AG, were part-owned by groups of savings banks.
 Russia Risk Austria’s Raiffeisen Bank International AG, ultimately owned by 17 million clients, expanded in eastern Europe and is now the foreign bank with most at risk in Russia.
 Oesterreichische Volksbanken AG, owned by some 50 local cooperatives, has been bailed out by the Austrian government three times since 2008.
 MTR Corp, the city’s government-owned railway operator, is also re-tendering a site atop a train station on which 2,900 homes can be built.
 Africa Oil has a 50 percent interest in Block 9, which it operates, while the remaining stake is owned by Marathon Oil Kenya Ltd.
 In Africa’slargest oil producer, state-owned Nigerian National PetroleumCorp.
 Deutsche Telekom, which is Germany’s largest phone company and is 32 percent owned by the government, and NetCologne were marked on a leaked graphic with red dots, indicating surveillance access points, Spiegel reported.
 Hua Capital is leading a group of investors including a Shanghai government-owned company in an offer that values Santa Clara, California-based OmniVision at $29 a share.
 Shiny Thing The attackers appeared unsophisticated, seeking to test as many computers as possible without regard to who owned them.
 asked a federal judge to rule that its iPhones and iPads don’t infringe two patents owned by Wi-Lan Inc.
 MacArthur, who owned and developed Bankers Life & Casualty Co, now a unit of CNO Financial Group Inc, and had numerous real estate holdings in New York and Florida.
 “These agreements with Tsinghua Unigroup underscore Intel’s 29-year-long history of investing in and working in China” Tsinghua Holdings Co, owner of Unigroup, is a state-owned corporation funded by Tsinghua University.
 Get has been owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s buyout unit GS Capital and Quadrangle since a 58 billion-kroner buyout from Candover Partners Ltd.
 drugmaker that isowned by private-equity firm RoundTable Healthcare Partners, theSunday Times reported, citing unidentified people.
 Properties owned by the operating company generated 65 percent less revenue in the year ended June 30 than the $63 billion collected in 2013 as casino revenue dropped, according to regulatory filings.
 sanctions also include Russian energy companies as well as five state-owned defense and technology companies.
 The SFC is seeking sanctions against former chairman Larry Yung, former managing director Henry Fan and the other formerdirectors of the Chinese state-owned company, it said in astatement.
 The artist, Barry Saacks, said in sworn testimony for the lawsuit that he didn’t know he owned the company and didn’t put up any money for it.
 The Cullinan mine in Pretoria is renowned for producinglarge stones.
 It also receives foreign currency from its direct stake in offshore production from Petoro AS, a state-owned company.
 That’s enough when the sun is shining to supply all of South Africa, where the state-owned utility has about 42 gigawatts of installed capacity.
Ecopetrol SA (ECOPETL), Colombia’s state-ownedoil producer, tapped the overseas debt market for the secondtime this year with a $12 billion offering.
 26 (Bloomberg) -- Aabar Investments PJSC, owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign wealth fund, is working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 and PFC Green Energy Ltd, a unit of state-owned lender Power Finance Corp, according to an e-mailed statement today.
 Morgan Stanley owned part of China International Capital Corp, the country’s first investment bank, until it sold its 34 percent stake in 2010.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa signed a partnership agreement with Russia’s state-owned nuclear company that may see Rosatom Corp.
 The state-owned company is struggling to meet power demand, The National Treasury said in February 2013 that a 300 billion-rand ($27 billion) nuclear program was in the final stages of study.
 Initial holdings of the partnership will include a 146percent interest in CPG OpCo LP, a natural gas transmission,midstream and storage business now owned by NiSource, theMerrillville, Indiana-based company said yesterday in astatement.
 His Toronto-based company, 55 percent-owned by US.
 The son of a Kentucky coal entrepreneur, Potter has owned and operated coal companies for decades.
 by 170 billion yen ($155 billion) and its Australian Isaac Plains coal mine, co-owned with Vale SA, by 30 billion yen.
 ‘Lapsed Discipline’ “We believe lapsed discipline around Darden’s renowned unlimited salad and breadsticks offering has led to both high food waste and a worse experience,” Starboard said.
 and make the supermarket chain a fully owned unit in a stock deal valued at 278 billion yen ($254 million) yesterday.
 The chain, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, earlier this year began selling morning fare, including bacon-and-cheese burritos, waffle tacos and hash browns nationwide.
 Sarmiento Angulo owned 959 percent of Aval’s common shares and 608 percent of its preferred shares as of Sept.
 A 2007 Treasury Department study found that inverted companies engage in earnings stripping, even amid a lack of evidence that foreign-owned businesses as a whole engage in the practice.
 The developer is buying companies owned by its parent, Cofco Corp, that built the mixed-use projects in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Yantai and Shenyang.
 Russian state-owned Rosatom Corp.
 Dealing with Volksbanken is complicated by the fact that the cooperative is ultimately owned by some 700,000 of its clients and that about 13 billion euros of retail deposits are held at the banks.
 Instead, Hasbro built a girls business by reviving brands it owned, such as My Little Pony.
 Ending days of wrangling, EU countries agreed to implement plans to bar some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the bloc.
 The companies will also set up a joint venture, 70 percentowned by Bollore and 30 percent by Renault, to provide car-sharing services in France and elsewhere in Europe.
 plans to hold 80 percent of Move, with Australia’s REA Group Ltd, which is 616 percent owned by News Corp, owning the rest.
 Analysts estimated a 21 percent decrease, according to Consensus Metrix, owned by Kaul Advisory Group in Wayne, New Jersey.
 BSkyB, which is 39 percent owned by Fox, agreed to buy SkyItalia and a 574 percent stake in Sky Deutschland from Fox inJuly for more than $9 billion.
 The Maranello-based company, which is 90 percent-owned by Fiat, is a key component of Marchionne’s plans to expand in luxury cars following the merger with US.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Mozambique has begun taking delivery of boats for the state-owned tuna-fishing company it set up with funding from $850 million in bonds, a transaction that prompted concern from the country’s aid donors.
 The planned sanctions, originally due to be published in the EU’s Official Journal yesterday, include barring some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the EU, according to a European official.
 In an initial set of sanctions imposed in late July, the EU barred five state-owned Russian banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe; restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry; prohibited new contracts to sell arms to Russia; and banned the export of machinery, electronics and other civilian products with military uses -- so-called dual-use goods -- to military users.
 New Law “MTS is nearly half-owned by institutional investors around the world, with over 65 percent of our free float owned by investors in the US.
 Just two of the seven most-owned options on Tencent yesterday were bearish, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 In 2000 he wrested control of NTV, a leading independent TV station owned by an oligarch, Vladimir Gusinsky, and in 2003 Mikhail Khodorkovsky, head of Yukos Oil Co, was arrested on charges of money-laundering and tax evasion.
 expanded them to encompass OAO Sberbank (SBER), the country’s largest bank, and energy companies as well as five state-owned defense and technology companies.
 Even with these measures, “bank lending is still dominated by state-owned enterprises,” said Eugenia Fabon Victorino, a Singapore-based economist at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd.
 ISS Recommendation Cutrale, a closely held company controlled by Brazil’s Jose Luis Cutrale, and banks owned by Joseph Safra, the country’s second-richest man, made a joint bid of $13 a share for Chiquita on Aug.
 Turk Havacilik & Uzay Sanayii AS, as the state-owned company is known in Turkish, hired JPMorgan Chase & Co.
 “We are not doing it for urgent need of cash” TAI is 55 percent-owned by the Turkish Armed Forces Foundation and 45 percent by the Undersecretariat for Defense Industries, two state entities.
 “This is a new area in which we want to invest and wherewe see potential,” Joosub said at Vodacom’s headquarters“It’s important for us that as pricing comes down and voice isunder pressure that we invest in new growth areas to pick upsome of the slack of a decrease in voice” Vodacom, which is 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc (VOD), is expanding its Internet offering tosmall-to-medium sized business customers to offset dwindlingsales from traditional voice phone calls.
 A vehicle owned by the bank’s founder Tsvetan Vassilev, the State General Reserve Fund of Oman and Russia’s VTB Group plan to recapitalize and restructure Corpbank, their adviser, Vienna-based Epic Financial Consulting, said in an e-mailed statement today.
 The city is the most strict with the curbs, treating all mortgage applicants who ever owned a home or borrowed money as second-home buyers even if they’ve sold their only home or paid off their only mortgage, she said.
 The businesses may provide needed liquidity to private lenders just as banks expanded their loans with the help of US-owned Ginnie Mae, which guaranteed the first mortgage-backed security in 1970 and now backs $15 trillion of debt.
 He was executive deputy chairman of Alliance UniChem Plc, and owned 30 percent of the business before it was sold to Boots Group Plc to create Alliance Boots in 2005.
 “We have a distinct model where we have humans in addition to sophisticated technology, so that on the IPO day we can make rational decisions and we can make sure that entrepreneur gets a full and fair price when that stock first comes into existence” NYSE is owned by Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
 HP could use it as a platform to make other acquisitions and build out its own offerings, said Lowenstein, whose firm oversees about $16 billion and has owned HP shares in the past.
 City is owned by Abu Dhabi Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan and PSG is controlled by the Qatar Investment Authority.
 O’Reilly Takeover The former state-owned carrier held its initial publicoffering in 1999.
 Oracle’s core business has been selling software designed to run on gear owned by the customer, and by charging a license fee.
 The suspended provisions include barring some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the EU, according to a European official who spoke on the usual condition of anonymity.
 In an initial set of economic sanctions imposed in late July, the EU barred five state-owned Russian banks from selling shares or bonds in Europe; restricted the export of equipment to modernize the oil industry; prohibited new contracts to sell arms to Russia; and banned the export of machinery, electronics and other civilian products with military uses -- so-called dual-use goods -- to military users.
 Audiences for Domashnyand Peretz, also owned by CTC, increased, the data show.
 “It was the one message that came through loud and clear from our customers” Vodafone, the biggest mobile phone carrier outside of Asia with operations in 21 countries, is lagging behind at home, winning fewer customers than Telefonica SA’s O2 or EE Ltd, the joint venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG.
 Copper Smelter The country has a copper smelter owned by Glencore Plc (GLEN)’slocal unit and two gold refineries.
 (NIKL), thelargest Philippine nickel producer partly owned by SumitomoMetal Mining Co.
 State-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corpsaid on Aug.
 17 at 105 percent courtesy of a guarantee from state-owned Japan Bank of International Cooperation.
 That reduction was announced after the State-owned AssetsSupervision and Administration Commission told carriers to cutcosts because they had overspent on subsidies and advertisingfor devices such as the iPhone, people familiar with the mattersaid in July.
 RBS, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, is searching for a successor to Hampton less than eight months before a general election in the UK.
 Lewis Mosho, a Zambian lawyer, complained to the Lusaka-based securities regulator that Zambia Sugar Plc, which is about 82-percent owned by Illovo, was deliberately reducing profits to benefit its parent company at the expense of minority shareholders.
 Archer Ltd, an oilfield-services company owned 399 percent by Seadrill, dropped as much as 54 percent, while Marine Harvest, the biggest salmon producer, declined as much as 26 percent.
 It has rebounded 17 percent since mid-March,spurred by speculation the Chinese government will reduceownership of state-owned enterprises and a link betweenexchanges in Hong Kong and Shanghai will fuel inflows.
 The deal will include buying a 40 percent stake from Sazaby League for about $505 million and the 21 percent owned by public shareholders for about $4085 million, Seattle-based Starbucks said yesterday in a statement.
Three investment funds say theFrench soccer league has given them permission to give financingto teams in exchange for sharing a player’s transfer fee, asystem that some sports bodies have frowned upon.
 “It is the latter that is more important as it potentially lowers the barriers to entry and reduces pricing power long term” Zoopla, part owned by the Daily Mail newspaper group, first sold shares to the public in June in an initial public offering that valued the company at $16 billion.
 “Now I can tell people I once owned a townhouse, which Icould never afford myself all my life,” Deng, an accountant ata technology company in Dongguan, said by phone.
 The Bellevue, Washington-based carrier is majority owned by Deutsche Telekom AG.
 Both the Swiss and the Dubai banks were owned by EspiritoSanto Financial Group SA, a Luxembourg-based holding companyunder creditor protection.
 Vodacom, 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, is also South Africa’s largest wireless carrier by subscribers.
 The proposals include barring some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the EU, according to a European official who spoke on the usual condition of anonymity.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Putnam Investments LLC, the Boston-based money manager owned by Canadian insurer Great-West Lifeco Inc, said today it hired Jeffrey Gould from Lazard Asset Management LLC to head its institutional business.
 (I like the detail: One day a salmon on the specials menu was flagged with a note of the time of day it was caught) Martin Brothers I live directly opposite the Jugged Hare, which is owned by ETM Group, the pub company of brothers Ed and Tom Martin, whose venues include One Canada Square, the Botanist and the Gun.
 “All of the conduct alleged in the state’s lawsuit occurred while Maxus companies owned, operated or controlled the Lister Avenue plant site,” Moses said.
 OxyChem never owned the Lister Avenue site and bought the stock of Diamond Shamrock from Maxus in 1986, 17 years after the plant closed, Moses said.
 “As far as we know, the banks have very good collateral for their loanbooks in Russia and in Ukraine” Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Austria’s third-biggest bank, and UniCredit SpA’s Vienna-based Bank Austria unit are among the three biggest foreign-owned lenders in Russia, together with Societe Generale SA of France.
 Sberbank manages its network in eastern Europe via its Vienna-based Sberbank Europe AG, while VTB Group is collecting deposits among German savers via its VTB Bank (Austria) AG unit, a company that was established as a Soviet-owned bank in Vienna in 1974.
 Miuccia Prada and Patrizio Bertelli were informed of theexamination by the authority “regarding the accuracy of certainpast tax filings by them as individuals in respect of foreign-owned companies,” Milan-based Prada said in a statement to theHong Kong Stock Exchange today.
 He worked as a mechanic in high school and college -- “fixing mufflers for beer money,” he says -- and since 2007 has owned 50 percent of Michael Waltrip Racing, a professional stock-car team that competes in Nascar and is named for co-owner Michael Waltrip, who drove to victories at the Daytona 500 in 2001 and 2003.
 Regional demand at Volvo Car Group, the Swedish auto producer owned by Chinese manufacturer Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, increased 15 percent.
 He said in August the company will “take a look” if government-owned insurance assets come up for sale, and that it will take a “disciplined approach” to acquisitions.
 banks need, most mortgages count at 50 percent, compared with 20 percent for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities and zero percent for bonds backed by US-owned Ginnie Mae.
 Under terms of the new concession agreement, Nile Petroleum, the state-owned oil producer, may be given a 25 percent share of each of the two Block E concessions, Dau said.
 Statoil, which is 67 percent owned by the Norwegian government, was bracing for longer approval processes for exporting equipment and services to Russia, Lund said at the time.
 Representatives of the 28 EU governments agreed to implement plans to bar some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the bloc, the officials said under condition of anonymity in Brussels.
 Deposits at the lender, which was founded by Gulen supporters, slumped 25 percent in the second quarter as companies including Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state owned, said they were withdrawing cash.
 (4503) hadpreviously owned global rights to develop and sell Ambit’squizartinib.
 “There is no minimum acceptance to our offer and we look forward to completing the acquisition of Sky Italia and a majority of Sky Deutschland later this year” The deal with Fox would transform Isleworth, England-based BSkyB, which is 39 percent owned by Fox, into a European satellite and cable service with almost 20 million subscribers.
 The company owned a minority stake in America Movil until this year.
 Apple may have to wait until next year to get approval for new iPhones in China after failing to reach agreement with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology this month, the state-owned 21st Century Business Herald reported yesterday, citing an unidentified person close to Apple.
 The bank owned 175 percent of Jerusalem-based Mobileye NV, mostly through its Goldman Sachs Investment Partners hedge fund, before it helped take the firm public in July, according to filings related to the IPO.
 SpiceJet, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, has this year offered fares as low as $8 to fill seats that would have otherwise gone empty, boosting its own occupancy and forcing competitors to follow suit.
 SpiceJet increased its market share to 195 percent last month from 178 percent in March, overtaking state-owned Air India to become India’s third largest domestic carrier by share.
 Parames spent 25 years at Bestinver, owned by Madrid-based Acciona SA, where he managed more than 75 billion euros ($96 billion) in Spanish and international stocks, said the person, who asked not to be named because the departure hasn’t been announced.
 Sinosteel Corp, a Chinese state-owned mining company and steel trader, said yesterday it’s facing financial difficulties as the economy slows and some customers aren’t paying on time.
 Celebrities were an early focus for TMZ, founded in 2005 and owned by Time Warner.
 LDK, which defaulted on a bond that matured in February,owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 China Eastern Airlines became the first of the three biggest state-owned carriers to start a low-cost carrier in July.
 The Pengassan union that represents managers and blue-collar Nupeng oil union suspended industrial action after talkswith Petroleum Minister Diezani Alison-Madueke and state-ownedNigeria National Petroleum Corp.
 Burger King, which is majority owned by Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G Capital, said Aug.
 The 67 percent state-owned Norwegian company is also deploying an efficiency program aimed at reducing annual costs by $13 billion by 2016.
 Data shared by residents on Weibo in June showed a state-owned power plant in Linyi city, 500 kilometers southeast of Xingtai, was regularly over the limits, prodding the city’s environment bureau into action.
 Companies have become more sophisticated in manipulating data from monitoring equipment, Zou Shoumin, the head of the Ministry of Environment’s monitoring division, said in August, according to state-owned China Radio International.
 RBS, Britain’s largest government-owned lender, is cutting lending faster than other banks, including challenger banks, are making loans, he said.
 as the source of the world’s best quality tobacco, is recovering from its collapse following the seizure of white-owned commercial farms by President Robert Mugabe’s government.
 China’s State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told the three state-owned carriers in July to start cutting promotional spending by a combined 40 billion yuan ($65 billion) over three years, people familiar with the matter said in July.
 One plan involves financial aid from the state-owned development bank Vnesheconombank, the other would see Mechel creditors taking an equity stake, he said.
 Carey, who is leading an effort to build out Fox Sports 1, said even he flips on ESPN, the dominant national cable sports network owned by Walt Disney Co.
 Under Hirai, Sony has made changes, according to Barish, who previously owned Panasonic shares.
 Helicopters, Trucks Russia’s OMZ Group has signed an agreement with the state-owned Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, dropped 28 percent.
 “We’ve all been part of the team as members of the investment committee” Allianz SE, the German insurer that’s owned Pimco since 2000, said it has no plans to sell the fund or alter its relationship with the business.
 Phones 4u, owned by BC Partners Holdings Ltd, has 5,596 employees and more than 700 stores and concessions.
 University Land The Rainier Square project is part of the redevelopment of downtown Seattle land owned by the University of Washington.
 Bombardier has already said it will probably have to delay a plan to build a turboprop factory in Russia -- the company’s key commitment in securing an estimated $34 billion letter of intent to sell Q400 turboprops to Russia’s state-owned Rostekhnologii.
 President Jia Baojun from his post, according to people familiar with the situation, after the state-owned steel trader said it’s facing financial difficulties.
 Competition between steel and aluminum “has intensified,” Lou Schorsch, ArcelorMittal’s chief executive officer for the Americas, said in an interview yesterday at the company’s jointly owned plant in Calvert, Alabama.
 The 1 billion pounds($165 billion) of the hybrid bonds issued by NationwideBuilding Society, the UK’s biggest customer-owned lender, alsojumped by the most on record, rising 12 pence to 1005 pence,the data show.
 Earlier this year, government-linked companies including Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned, withdrew deposits from Bank Asya amid Erdogan’s criticism of the company.
 Monster and Red Bull, owned by Austria’s Red Bull GmbH, have the largest shares of the market worldwide, according to Morningstar Inc.
 The planned sanctions, originally due to be published inthe Official Journal yesterday, include barring some Russianstate-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital inthe EU, according to a European official who spoke on the usualcondition of anonymity.
 Farm Goods TIn an initial set of sanctions imposed in late July, theEU barred five state-owned Russian banks from selling shares orbonds in Europe; restricted the export of equipment to modernizethe oil industry; prohibited new contracts to sell arms toRussia; and banned the export of machinery, electronics andother civilian products with military uses -- so-called dual-usegoods -- to military users.
 “Because the class is currently certified for liability purposes, this phase of litigation will focus on the issue of whether defendants made material false statements or omissions in the offering documents that affected the value of the certificates owned by the plaintiff class members,” the judge said.
 The land, located in the central Gangnam district and ownedby state-run Korea Electric Corp.
 President Jia Baojun from his post, according to people familiar with the situation, after the state-owned steel trader said it’s facing financial difficulties.
 The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission also discharged him from his position as chairman of unit Sinosteel Corp.
 Three years ago Jia replaced Huang Tianwen who was removed by the state-owned enterprises watchdog after the company was accused of inflating sales at its units by the National Audit Office.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Telepizza SA, the Spanish pizza-delivery chain owned by Permira Advisers LLP, completed its debt refinancing today after cutting the amount of senior loans offered, according to a person familiar with the transaction.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Houston Foods Inc, a fast-food franchisee in Texas, plans to buy about 260 Burger King locations owned by Blackstone Group LP’s Heartland Food Corp.
 More than 99 percent of Burger King restaurants are owned by franchisees, and it’s not uncommon for them to change hands.
 Mocambicana de Gasoduto SA,the state-owned gas-pipeline company, and Sasol Ltd.
 About 220,000 workers downed tools over pay in July, forcing carmakers like General Motors Co.
 The funds from the new shares will be used to cut debt and finance growth, said Tele Columbus, which is owned by creditors after restructuring its loans.
 “Bandfield with Godfrey’s assistance designed an offshore system to deliberately keep the rest of the market from knowing that someone owned significant amounts of particular stocks,” Michael Paley, co-head of the SEC’s microcap fraud task force, said in a statement.
 Oracle’score business has been selling software designed to run on gearowned by the customer, and by charging a license fee.
 “There is a big question mark about whether we will see an escalation over this” Ending days of wrangling, representatives of the 28 EU governments agreed to implement plans to bar some Russian state-owned defense and energy companies from raising capital in the bloc, the officials said under condition of anonymity in Brussels.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Australia expects strong interest in the initial public offering of Medibank Private Ltd, the country’s largest health insurer, as the government steps up sales of state-owned assets to rein in a budget deficit.
 ‘Arbitrary, Illegal’ The closures add to the uncertainty over India’s mining industry, which is grappling with an order of the top court last month that ruled the allocation of state-owned coal mines to companies over the past two decades was “arbitrary and illegal” The ambiguity over access to raw materials prompted Hindalco to postpone a planned share sale to institutional investors to raise as much as 50 billion rupees ($818 million), people with knowledge of the matter said.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Plc, Britain’s biggest state-owned lender, and Lloyds Banking Group Plc would fail the European Central Bank’s review of assets, Mediobanca SpA said.
 Macquarie Group ITR Concession, owned by affiliates of Macquarie Group Ltd.
 The CFTC re-proposal would apply to about 50 or more swap dealers that are either affiliated with banks or owned by energy and agriculture firms, the agency officials said.
 “GE’s stock is widely owned by individual investors, andin many cases a GE toaster, microwave, refrigerator ordishwasher is how those investors relate to the company,” Mayessaid yesterday in a note.
 Espirito Santo Saude is 51 percent-controlled by a unit of Espirito Santo Group, a family-owned network of companies with several businesses under creditor protection following a failure to meet debt payments.
 (STAY), an operator of long-stay hotels co-owned withCenterbridge Partners LP and Paulson & Co.
 Imperial Oil Ltd, the Calgary-based producer majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, last year boosted the cost of its Kearl project by 18 percent.
 One of the first to use BitPremier was Matthew Mellon, scion of the Mellon banking family, who listed a photo collage titled Orphaned Cheetah Cubs by renowned wildlife photographer Peter Beard for $11 million, or 2,319 bitcoins, in the summer of 2013.
 In Brazil, a unit of WPE sued state-owned Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA for unpaid services.
 They didn’t say how much Evraz, part-owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich, was looking to raise.
 Jana owned 12 percent of Walgreen shares as of June 30, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Warburg Pincus LLC bought a majority stake in a Dubai aviation software company owned by Emirates Airline’s Dnata unit in April, in the US.
 Joe, a real estateand timber company, is 24 percent-owned by Bruce Berkowitz’sFairholme Capital Management, which also has a 24 percent stakein Sears.
 That decline is reflected in the derivatives market whereprice of contracts protecting against a default for five yearson Sears’s debt has increased 766 basis points to the equivalentof 1,863 basis points, according to CMA, which is owned byMcGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 Vucic’s government has turned to state-owned Chinesecompanies to improve infrastructure, create jobs, consolidatepublic finances and jump start an economy flirting withrecession.
Workers at Nigerian NationalPetroleum Corp, the country’s state-owned oil company,yesterday began an indefinite strike over pension terms that maydisrupt crude output from Africa’s top producer and affect itsdomestic gasoline supplies, a labor union official said.
 PresidentGoodluck Jonathan and the ruling party “have an overridingpolitical interest in ending the strike as soon as possible tokeep oil revenues flowing; it has the will and the means to doso” Union leaders should “exercise restraint,” the state-owned company said in a statement.
 Owning a home is consistently linked with increases of as much as $10,000 in net wealth for each year a home is owned, the study said.
 Beijing-based NQ Mobile is still evaluating the acquisition offer made in July by Bison Capital Holding Co, Tencent Tech, a technology news website owned by Tencent Holdings Ltd, reported yesterday, without saying how it obtained the information.
 Macmahon has been operating at the East Tsankhi coal pit since 2012 and its contract with ETT, Mongolia’s largest state-owned coking coal producer, is set to expire in 2017.
 Alongside the Mein Auto digital+ product, Allianz also sells motor policies through its AllSecur arm, which competes with direct insurance offshoots such as Ergo Direkt, a unit of Munich Re’s primary insurance division, and HUK24, owned by HUK-Coburg.
 Watkins Glen, owned by International Speedway Corp, was built in the 1950s and has a reputation as a fearsome track.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- African Barrick Gold Plc, a mining company majority-owned by Canada’s Barrick Gold Corp, said it will drop its parent’s name when it unveils a new corporate identity in November.
 Judge Robert Hildyard rejected FMS Wertmanagement AoeR’s opposition to Apcoa’s plan and denied them permission to appeal “at this stage” His ruling came a week after submissions from the parties began and the state-owned bank set up by the German government contended that the application would place it “into the same classes as the consenting lenders,” according to court documents.
 “We’ll schedule further calls as and when we’re able to do so in the coming days” Company Talks Phones 4u, which is owned by private-equity firm BC Partners Holdings Ltd, sought protection from creditors and shut its stores after Vodafone and EE said they wouldn’t renew contracts ending next year.
 Doyen is also the owner of Rixos Hotels, which sponsors Chelsea, the Premier League club owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- MFS Investment Management, a Boston-based money manager owned by Canada’s Sun Life Financial Inc, said Michael Roberge will become co-chief executive officer of the firm as of Jan.
 The bourse operator has been holding seminars across China to explain the new rules to state-owned enterprises and private companies, and has received enquiries from manufacturers, property developers and mining companies interested in a Singapore IPO, Wong said.
 The exchange said the suspension was due to “uncertainties over the bank’s ownership” after a takeover bid by Qatar Islamic Bank SAQ failed and state-owned TC Ziraat Bankasi AS decided against making a bid to buy the bank.
 expanded sanctions to include the country’s largest bank, OAO Sberbank, energy companies as well as five state-owned defense and technology companies.
 Paulson’s firm owned 86 percent of Family Dollar as of Dec.
 “Microsoft’s locally available cloud services will open opportunities for banking, financial services, and insurance companies, state-owned enterprises and government departments” Microsoft could more easily partner with Indian companies and win banking and government clients required by law to keep information in the country, Naveen Mishra, research director for Gartner in New Delhi said by phone.
 of Dubai, the emirate’s main holding company, agreed to pay $300 million for a minority stake in a Nigerian cement company owned by Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote.
 18 referendum as RBS, 80 percent owned by the government, is the second-largest lender in Scotland behind Lloyds Banking Group Plc, analysts estimate.
 London’s Gherkin tower went into receivership in April because an IVG Immobilien AG fund, which part-owned the building, took out a loan in Swiss francs.
 Buoyant demand for state-owned stocks would help Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government meet asset-sale targets after the previous administration missed its goal for at least the last four years.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Otter Media, co-owned by AT&T Inc.
 Hulu is co-owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc, Disney and Comcast’s NBCUniversal.
 Supervalu said the latest breach struck the network that processes payment card transactions at some of its Shop ’n Save, Shoppers Food & Pharmacy and Cub Foods owned and franchised stores.
 Jose Antonio Martinez Sampedro, who will remain chief executive officer, and his siblings Luis Javier Martinez Sampedro and Encarnacion Martinez Sampedro owned 685 percent of the company before yesterday’s deal, according to regulatory filings.
Petroleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4) fell themost in almost six years as President Dilma Rousseff gainedsupport in a voter poll, sinking wagers that a new governmentwill reduce intervention in the state-owned oil company.
 bailout and simplified operations, moved to a building that the company owned nearby on Water Street.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Transnet SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned rail operator, agreed to a deal with Mozambique and Swaziland to boost co-operation and ease the delivery of coal exports through harbors to India and Brazil.
 Government-owned companies from the three countries will manage a joint-operating center from Maputo, Mozambique’s capital, Transnet said today in a statement handed to reporters.
 State-owned generator NTPC Ltd, Power Grid Corp.
 “I don’t see any significant change or reform of the financial markets” The 49-year-old also criticized bonuses for compliance staff, telling the Irish state-owned station there’s “always a reason to look the other way” when incentive payments go to people monitoring and overseeing risk-takers as well.
 Some of the biggest assets owned by Western energy companies in Russia are connected to the Sakhalin oil and gas developments located off the Northeastern coast of Sakhalin Island in the Russian Far East.
 “It’s better to have maps that are industrywide, rather than just individually owned and operated,” Kuzumaki said.
 Crews opened a single track earlier today on a 15-mile (24-kilometer) stretch near Aberdeen, Maryland, where downed power lines had halted all passenger trains for more than 11 hours.
 NedbankGroup Ltd, the lender owned by Old Mutual Plc, shed 2 percent.
 “We would have to reflect our cost to operate here” Asda, owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, operates 61 stores and depots in Scotland and employs 22,000 people there.
 New rules requiring banks and other firms to use clearinghouses owned by LCHClearnet Group Ltd, CME Group Inc.
 car insurers are policyholder-owned State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co, the Geico unit of Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 The Vancouver-based company, whose biggest shareholder is state-owned China National Gold Group Corp, is evaluating four potential targets that meet its criteria on size and capital requirements, Executive Vice President Jerry Xie said.
 A day later, the network owned by Walt Disney Co.
 Kepco’s main concern in the auction process was avoiding accusations of favoritism and the underpricing of an asset, the state-owned utility said in today’s statement.
 “As the nation’s biggest state-owned company, we will try our best to seek balanced development among regions and make Naju the leading energy valley,” Kepco Chief Executive Officer Cho Hwan Eik said in an e-mailed statement on June 26.
 Sprint’s new chief executive officer, Marcelo Claure, founded Brightstar Corp, one of the biggest resellers, and both companies are now owned by Japan’s SoftBank Corp.
 India’s state-owned lenders are being called on to do both, threatening to erode profits and add expenditures at firms saddled with nonperforming loans.
 15 a mission to build toilets in public schools, the Finance Ministry sent a memo to state-owned lenders urging them to pay for construction, according to a senior banking executive who saw it and didn’t want to be identified as the communication wasn’t public.
 In rural India, 5 percent of households owned 36 percent of assets, according to the government’s 2011 Human Development Report.
 Labarta didn’t change his estimate for 10 percent credit growth this year for non-state-owned banks.
 Citizens, which traces its history to 1828 as High Street Bank, has $1303 billion in assets and has been owned by RBS since 1988.
 “Consumers are getting a little more optimistic, a little more willing to take on debt” The value of financial assets owned by American households, including stocks and pension-fund holdings, increased by $127 trillion in the second quarter, today’s Fed report showed.
 Analysts estimated a gain of 10 percent gain, on average, according to Consensus Metrix, a researcher owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 It has also decided to sell its majority holding in a Canadian nickel project part-owned by First Point Minerals Corp.
 “African Bank lent poorly to South Africa’s lower quality borrowers and paid the price, while Asya has been collateral damage in the fight between Erdogan and Gulen” Bank Asya’s deposits dropped 25 percent in the second quarter amid then-Prime Minister Erdogan’s criticism of the lender’s ties to Gulen and the withdrawal of funds by companies including Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent government-owned.
 Refiners Rally Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, climbed 26 percent to its highest level since June 6.
 Tax-exempt Golden State bonds owned by Nuveen and maturing in June 2047 traded today at a 725 percent average yield, Bloomberg data show.
 The satellite-TV operator, which offers its subscribers video over Internet lines that competes with some Comcast-owned programming, said the cable provider may degrade Internet traffic.
 The investigation at Qingdao, the nation’s third-largest port, focuses on companies owned by a Chinese-Singaporean metals trader, Chen Jihong, who is said to have pledged the same metal inventories multiple times for collateral for loans from both Chinese and international lenders.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, reclaimed funds set aside for souring loans as the UK.
 “Previously disclosed uncertainties remain, particularly relating to conduct and litigation matters” RBS is 80 percent owned by the British government with the shares remaining below the 407 pence price where taxpayers will break even on their 455 billion-pound bailout in 2008 and 2009.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- SBAB plans to win market share in home loans from Sweden’s biggest banks after the state-owned mortgage lender scrapped plans to become a full-service bank.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Britain’s second-biggest government-owned lender, is selling 161 million pounds ($263 million) of shares in TSB Banking Group Plc, three months after it took the company public.
 “China’s defense industry was created on the Soviet model,” said Li Junzheng, an analyst in Beijing with AVIC Securities Co, a brokerage whose state-owned parent, Aviation Industry Corp.
 Weeks earlier, Norinco joined 115 other companies in Beijing for a May conference intended to encourage closer ties between private firms, state-owned enterprises and military officials.
 Barclays settled the suit for $925 million, paid millions to a company owned by a Saudi prince and senior government official for advisory services and then received its Saudi banking license, according to MBI’s complaint.
 Tesla also confirmed to Automotive News yesterday that it’s developing a certified pre-owned program to sell used Model S cars.
 and the cable provider RCN, owned by Abry Partners LLC.
 citizens are traveling abroad at a record pace, putting aside worries about Ebola, downed airliners and armed conflicts.
 Milestone Aviation is based in Dublin and was founded in 2010 by Richard Santulli, who built the NetJets luxury-aircraft leasing unit owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 Cepsa, owned by Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund International Petroleum Investment Co, was considering a 700 million-euro ($888 million) bid for Salamander, the Expansion newspaper reported in May.
 Eight of the 10 most-owned options on the iShares Russell 2000 ETF are puts, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- China Citic Bank Corp, a unit of the nation’s largest state-owned investment firm, plans to raise as much as 119 billion yuan ($2 billion) in a private sale of domestic shares to replenish Tier-1 capital.
 The airline partly owned by Air France-KLM will fly to Guinea from Oct.
 Globalfoundries, owned by an investment arm of the government of Abu Dhabi, had placed little or no value on IBM’s factories because they are too old.
 dollars are produced by the government-owned Bureau of Engraving and Printing) Global Printer OeBS is a minor player, yet still churns out as many as 600 million bank notes a year for Austria and its neighbors in the euro zone.
 Securency was at the time a joint venture between privately owned, UK-based Innovia Group and Note Printing Australia Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of Australia.
 State-owned companies such as Dubai Group are taking advantage of an economic rebound to sell assets and cut debt.
 State-owned companies such as Dubai Holding LLC, Dubai Group’s parent, and Dubai World Corp.
 CTC, co-owned by Putin’s billionaire ally Yury Kovalchuk, is 75 percent held by international investors, including Sweden’s Modern Times Group AB.
 Among the 10 most-owned CAC 40 options, nine were bearish.
 Contracts hedging against an 18 percent slump by December were the most owned.
 As part of the plan to streamline Coca-Cola, the majority of company-owned distribution territories in North America will be sold back to independent bottlers by the end of 2017, with most of the rest being refranchised by 2020.
 It’s next to Anglo American Platinum Holdings Ltd’s Mogalakwena mine, the biggest and most profitable mine owned by the world’s largest producer.
 It will be a little smaller than Mogalakwena and will rank behind Impala Lease Area, the main mine owned by Impala Platinum Holdings Ltd.
 It asked for evidence that the community was represented in management, details of “social and development” projects, “written commitment” that there would be opportunities for black-owned businesses to supply the mine.
 The group owned 97 percent of the company before the sale.
 Russia’s state-owned Rosatom Corp.
 “It would impact the whole rail system, is what it will do,” said Will Higman, chief operating officer for Reliable Wholesale Lumber Inc, a family-owned business in Huntington Beach, California, with about 100 employees.
 Sales of previously owned US.
 4G Boost The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission told China’s three carriers to cut the amount they spend on subsidies and advertising for devices, such as the iPhone, people familiar with the matter said in July.
 “A big focus for me is to look at where my pipeline of content is going to come from,” said Hayley Dickson, vice president for acquisitions and development at FremantleMedia, a production and distribution house owned by Bertelsmann SE’s RTL Group.
 Chinalco, as the Chinese state-owned company is known, controls about 98 percent of Rio.
 ‘Serious Consequences’ The New York Stock Exchange, now owned by Intercontinental Exchange Inc, lobbied the SEC to extend the rules to so-called internalizers, brokers such as KCG and Citadel that fill orders without sending them to exchanges or dark pools.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Bpifrance, the French state-owned investment bank, sold a stake in phone company Orange SA for 580 million euros ($732 million) after the stock jumped more than 30 percent this year.
 Bpifrance is owned by the French government and Caisse des Depots, a state-controlled financial and investment group.
 State-run oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA contributed the most to the gauge’s drop and lender Banco do Brasil SA was the worst performer on the index on reduced bets that a new government will curtail intervention in state-owned companies.
 The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 2 percent yesterday and South Korean shares gained 11 percent today after reports showed sales of previously owned homes in the US.
 “There were dollar bids suspected as smoothing operations today, but some traders stopped their long positions on the dollar as smoothing wasn’t as strong as expected” Purchases of previously owned homes in the US.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Mango Airlines SOC Ltd, the profitable low-cost carrier owned by state company South African Airways, plans to add new routes and planes as slower economic growth increases demand for cheaper flights.
 holds 15 percent and the remaining share is owned by Petrosen, the national oil company.
 The 725,000-square-foot (67,000-square-meter) complex, owned by AVG Stamford Members LLC, has a trading floor that is one of the largest in the world, about the size of two football fields.
 Australia dispatched investigators to Ukraine to search for clues to the rocket attack that downed Malaysian Airline System Bhd.
 The supply failure followed a fire yesterday at a suburban substation owned by Transpower New Zealand Ltd, the state owned grid operator.
 The fire badly damaged key cables owned by Vector Ltd, which runs the electricity network in Auckland.
 The Nets are owned by Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov and the Kings owner is Mumbai-born Vivek Ranadive, chief executive of Tibco Software Inc.
 Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne is inviting expressions of interest from potential buyers of the UK’s 40 percent holding in Eurostar, which is majority owned by France.
 Insurecom is owned by QuinStreet Inc.
 Sales of previously owned homes increased 24 percent in September to the highest level in a year, the National Association of Realtors said earlier this week.
 The FHFA index measures transactions for single-family properties financed with mortgages owned or securitized by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
 Statoil, 67 percent owned by the state, scrapped production-growth targets and cut spending plans through 2016 while preparing larger cuts for the years ahead.
 Universal Parks will own the Beijing park jointly with Beijing Shouhuan Cultural Tourism Investment Co, a consortium of four state-owned companies that was founded in November 2013 to support the Beijing attraction, Comcast said.
 Claren Road Asset Management LLC, the hedge-fund firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, slumped 5 percent in the first week of October after its investments in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preferreds lost about two-thirds of their value, according to an investor in the fund.
 Builders are competing with a growing supply of previously owned homes as investors withdraw from the market.
 Clearinghouses such as LCH Clearnet, majority owned by the London Stock Exchange Group Plc, and Deutsche Boerse AG’s Eurex Clearing operate as central counterparties buy and sell orders, and traders post collateral to reduce the threat of default.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Claren Road Asset Management LLC, the hedge-fund firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, fell about 11 percent in one of its funds in October, according to three people with knowledge of the returns.
 Insch Capital Management SA, a hedge fund based in Lugano, Switzerland, first complained to regulators in March about the investment by a unit of the firm in Firstcaution SA, a Swiss insurer that LSK also owned, according to letters obtained by Bloomberg yesterday.
 The 992 percent state-owned bank failed European Central Bank stress tests under an adverse economic scenario, a person with knowledge of the matter said yesterday.
 “If LNG is to be a viable industry in BC, each level of government must come together with our industry and make some difficult decisions” Petroliam Nasional Bhd, Malaysia’s state-owned energy company and a member of the alliance, is among companies pressing governments for tax breaks and improved financial terms to justify construction of LNG terminals to supply gas from western Canada to expanding Asian energy markets.
 As part of the plan, the company will renovate a disused state-owned hospital next to the hotels for Italy’s sovereign wealth fund.
 LAFC will replace the disbanded Chivas USA, which the league has owned since February.
 Investors owned $100 trillion of debt globally in the middle of 2013, up from $70 trillion six years earlier, according to the Bank for International Settlements.
 MMX Sudeste is a wholly owned MMX subsidiary that controlsthe Serra Azul and Bom Sucesso ventures and is the company’smain source of revenue.
 China may exempt the transaction tax for some existing homes owned for more than two years, China Securities Journal reported, citing unidentified people.
 30 into a case that may lead the investment company owned by billionaire Vladimir Evthushenkov to lose its stake in OAO Bashneft to the state.
 The other three oil and gas explorers in Somaliland are RAK Gas, owned by the government of Ras al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates, Oslo-based DNO International ASA, and Yemen-based Ansan Wikfs Hadramaut Ltd.
 Photographer: Paulo Fridman/Bloomberg Brazil President Dilma Rousseff, who is seeking re-election in a runoff vote this weekend, pushed state-owned banks including Brasilia-based Caixa to boost lending as a stimulus for Latin America’s largest economy.
 Read More Close Open Photographer: Paulo Fridman/Bloomberg Brazil President Dilma Rousseff, who is seeking re-election in a runoff vote this weekend, pushed state-owned banks including Brasilia-based Caixa to boost lending as a stimulus for Latin America’s largest economy.
 Simplifying regulations and allowing more private-sector participation -- particularly in smaller, marginal fields owned by state-controlled oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4) -- could boost output significantly, he said.
 Mining companies including Anglo, BHP and the state-owned Codelco are considering investing more than $100 billion in a new generation of copper mines, and must ensure reliable energy supplies.
 Tecnologica began operating in September a 25-megawatt solar project that will supply the Collahuasi copper mine owned by Anglo American and Glencore Plc.
 completed in June the 100-megawatt Amanecer project, the largest in the Atacama, to supply iron ore mines owned by Cap SA.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Voya Financial Inc, the insurer formerly owned by ING Groep NV, said Maliz Beams has left as head of the retirement business and her role will be filled by Chief Executive Officer Rod Martin.
 The Kiyu wind farm is owned by the Spanish renewable-energy developer Grupo Cobra and will produce enough power for 170,000 people.
 Production at De Beers, the gem producer 85 percent owned by Anglo, rose 6 percent in the third quarter to 82 million carats.
 TIG sued an Argentine government-owned company in Chicago federal court in 2000 claiming about $42 million and won.
 TIG’s Odyssey TIG’s attempts to collect from Argentina began in 2000 when a predecessor company filed two lawsuits against Caja Nacional de Ahorro y Seguro, a government-owned insurer, to collect $42 million due under a series of reinsurance contracts.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- KfW Group, Germany’s state-owned development bank, said it sold $15 billion of green bonds in the US, a record offering of such securities in America.
 For the first time since 2011, the balance of futures owned by hedge funds and other large speculators on the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index represents wagers that equity turbulence will increase, according to data compiled by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
 The two most-owned options on the VIX are ones expiring Nov.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, climbed for the first time in three days.
 Bradesco and Itau Unibanco Holding SA, the biggest Brazilian banks not owned by the state, are charging borrowers higher interest rates as competition from state-owned companies fades.
 and MEDACorp, owned by investment bank Leerink Partners LLC, have gained momentum by putting investors in touch with health professionals such as doctors and researchers.
 Ainscough, which has been owned by the private-equity arm of Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 Cheapest Stock Lukoil is the cheapest stock the New York-based firm has owned, according to the letter.
 The firm cited Washington Prime Group Inc, an owner of malls and shopping centers, and Citizens Financial Group Inc, the lender majority-owned by Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, as new longs, or bets that the stocks of the companies will rise.
 The incentive for companies to invert is simple: foreign-owned companies operating in the US.
 companies’ global income; foreign-owned firms don’t pay US.
 “If there’s a real problem, we’re going to shut it down” BNA is now owned by Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP.
 Permanent TSB, which is 99 percent state-owned, fell as much as 24 percent, the biggest drop since June 2013, and was down 105 percent at 6 euro cents at 10:18 am.
 AIB, which is 998 percent state-owned after a 21 billion-euro bailout, “remains on course to begin the repayment of its state aid over the coming months,” Callaghan said.
 More than 20 percent of its stock is owned by hedge funds.
 Suddenlink said it signed long-term agreements with new networks including Glenn Beck’s TheBlaze and FXX, owned by 21st Century Fox Inc.
 The risk modeling firm is owned by Jersey City, New Jersey-based Verisk Analytics Inc.
 Under the terms of the deal, investors will receive 2875 shares of Comcast for each Time Warner Cable share owned.
 Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp, which is partly owned by Ting Hsin International Group, plunged 47 percent in Hong Kong amid speculation a tainted lard scandal in Taiwan will hurt food sales.
 “It would suit Vodafone to own more of the business, consolidate the assets and drive growth in Africa through a wholly owned subsidiary,” said Bruce Main, a fund manager at Ivy Asset management in Johannesburg.
 Vodafone’s businesses there are often co-owned by local governments.
 In Mexico, DirecTV owns 41 percent of Sky Mexico, the satellite-TV service majority owned by Grupo Televisa SAB.
 The water treatment provider signed a 25-year agreement with Chongqing Yulong Asset Management (Holdings) Ltd, a state-owned asset management company controlled by the Jiulongpo district government in Chongqing, for works with a daily total capacity of 41,300 metric tons, Sound Global said today in a statement without disclosing terms.
 Sales of pre-owned luxury goods are soaring as online marketplaces including the RealReal and Paris-based Vestiaire Collective allow brand-obsessed consumers to recycle their fancy clothes and purchase more for less.
 Sales of previously owned US.
 The solar plant is the eighth solely owned by JFE Engineering in Japan, according to the statement.
 The trial resulted from an 18-month investigation into Oesterreiche Banknoten und Sicherheitsdruck GmbH, or OeBS, the printing press owned by the central bank, and Muenze Oesterreich AG, the country’s mint.
 A news department official at the State-owned Assets Supervision & Administration Commission, which oversees companies owned by the central government, said the agency currently has no information to disclose.
 Habte Retta, a 52-year-old Ethiopian, has owned the Maru Grocery in the same spot for 21 years.
 Restaurant margin at McDonald’s domestic company-owned stores narrowed to 183 percent in the second quarter from 187 percent the year before.
 The state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co, known as Aramco, dropped OSPs for all grades and to all regions for November sales.
 (1199) Cosco’s containers vie for docking space atHamburg’s quays with units owned by German shipper Hapag-LloydAG and Denmark’s AP Moeller-Maersk A/S.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- JPMorgan Chase & Co’s third-quarter results were published more than three hours ahead of schedule because of a mistake by Shareholdercom, the investor-communications company owned by Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
 The company is the largest policyholder-owned life insurer in the US.
 The GO Phoenix, owned by Perth-based oil and gas services company Go Marine Group Pty, has been hired by Malaysia’s government and its state oil company Petroliam Nasional Bhd.
 Education companies have performed well during Rousseff’s first term as she expanded student loans, avoiding the rout that hit shares of state-owned companies such as Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
 State-run oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA contributed the most to the gauge’s advance on bets that a new government will curtail intervention in state-owned companies.
 homebuilder part-owned by Blackstone Group LP’s GSO Capital Partners, canceled a plan to raise 140 million pounds ($226 million) in an initial public offering less than two weeks after announcing it.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- VTB Group, the Russian state-owned lender sanctioned over Ukraine, said investment banking commissions are holding up and will be unchanged from last year as international dealmaking offsets a slowdown at home.
 Cutting Costs The company, 67 percent owned by the state, has vowed to maintain a strategy of cutting costs to raise shareholder returns under Lund’s successor.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd, the unprofitable carrier partly owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd, fell to a record low after saying it’s reviewing funding options.
 Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, Ireland’s smallest state-owned bank, also fell short in the adverse test, another person with knowledge of the matter said.
 The remaining funding for the expansion project will be raised from Saudi Arabia’s state-owned Public Investment Fund and the Japan Bank for International Cooperation, according to the people.
 OAO Rosneft, the oil producer partly owned by BP Plc, also said today it was challenging the sanctions, the Financial Times reported.
 Five state-owned Russian lenders are restricted in their ability to sell bonds or shares within the bloc, with OAO Gazprombank and Russian Agricultural Bank also targeted.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Aleris Corp, the aluminum maker owned by Oaktree Capital Management LP, agreed to sell its recycling unit to Signature Group Holdings Inc.
 Russia’s oil and gas sector is 25 percent owned by foreign companies.
 The state-owned company will step up cost controls and improve income from non-fuel businesses such as retail outlets at fuel stations to bolster fourth-quarter earnings, company secretary Huang Wensheng said in a call with analysts today, according to Shi.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 said it may acquire properties owned by its next chief executive officer a day after a board member said the oil and natural gas producer has been approached by buyers.
 “From the Kazakh perspective, it will be helpful to set up a long-tenor benchmark for state-owned borrowers,” Richard Segal, the London-based head of international credit strategy at Jefferies International Ltd, said by e-mail today.
 State-owned Magyar Posta Zrt.
 “Open source is the coal and steel of the Internet but it ain’t owned by the Carnegies,” he said.
 “It’s owned by all of us” The Linux Foundation started an initiative in April to improve security by providing grant funding and research help to open-source developers.
 The company found nothing in its marketing for the chocolate and hazelnut flavor that “condoned hazing, supported hazing, or even inferred hazing,” said Sean Greenwood, a spokesman for the South Burlington, Vermont-based company, which is owned by Unilever NV.
 Vitol, the world’s biggest oil trader, also helped finance a plan to switch a power plant owned by the US.
 Electronic Trading A requirement to guarantee them at clearinghouses owned by LCHClearnet Group Ltd, CME Group Inc, Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
 Denso, 22 percent owned by Toyota, has been working to improve productivity at domestic plants in the wake of the global recession, Japan earthquake and the yen’s surge.
 The rest is owned by Japan’s Sumitomo Corp.
 The 67 percent state-owned company this year delayed its Arctic Johan Castberg project for a second time on cost concerns, and is reconsidering a project to boost oil recovery at its Snorre field in the North Sea.
 The brand, owned by Munich-based BMW since 2003, produces the 326,550-euro Wraith and upcoming 326,175-euro Ghost Series II in addition to the standard 345,000-euro Phantom.
 One area where family offices find opportunities are private companies looking for a new, private owner, said Francois de Visscher, whose Greenwich, Connecticut-based firm advises single family offices and family-owned businesses.
 The New York firm that’s been investing money for the German automotive family was in talks earlier this year to buy a family-owned business based in California, said the person familiar.
 Mitsubishi UFJ Lease and government-owned Development Bank of Japan in May also began a fund of about 100 billion yen to invest in regional health care projects.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Dutch Shell Plc- and PetroChina Co-owned Arrow Energy Ltd.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Skye Bank Plc signed an agreement with state-owned Asset Management Corp.
 cut its stake in Tesco to less than 3 percent this week after the billionaire said the investment had been a “huge mistake” Buffett has owned a stake in the grocer since 2006, and his holding was worth more than 1 billion pounds ($16 billion) in 2012.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Jimmy Choo Ltd, the luxury shoemaker owned by JAB Holdings, is seeking to raise as much as 175 million pounds ($280 million) in its initial public offering, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- China’s stocks rose, capping the benchmark gauge’s longest stretch of monthly gains since 2009, amid speculation the government is accelerating market reforms and restructuring of state-owned companies.
 The benchmark measure climbed 24 percent this month to a 20-month high as President Xi Jinping’s government pressed state-owned companies to reform prices to reflect market conditions, and as funds flowed into Chinese equities in anticipation over the start of an exchange link with Hong Kong.
 “It’s positive that they’re making new discoveries in the Barents Sea” Gohta Potential Lundin’s latest discovery raises the commercial potential for Gohta, which is also owned by Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA and Norwegian Energy Co.
 Consolidated Breweries has been majority owned by Amsterdam-based Heineken since 2005.
 The risk modeling firm is owned by Jersey City, New Jersey-based Verisk Analytics Inc.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- NM Rothschild & Sons Ltd, the world’s largest family-owned financial advisory firm, is seeking partners in Africa’s largest economies to help it seize opportunities as growth accelerates.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Archroma, the Swiss chemicals maker owned by SK Capital Partners LP, will buy BASF SE’s textile operations as Chief Executive Officer Alexander Wessels looks to build a $3 Billion sales company from assets divested by the chemical industry’s incumbent players including Clariant AG.
 Chilean President Michelle Bachelet said state-owned oil refiner Empresa Nacional del Petroleo will build a third LNG facility in Chile to meet growing demand for the power plant fuel in South America’s wealthiest nation.
 Corporate finance executives at the Dublin-based lender, which was rescued in 2009 and 2010 and is still 998 percent owned by the Irish government, are also seeking the relaxation of internal rules prohibiting loans to companies with debt that’s more than three times earnings, one of the people said.
 Viewers are getting more reasons to consider ending cable subscriptions this week after HBO, the premium cable channel owned by Time Warner Inc, and CBS said they would offer programming over the Internet to people without pay-TV accounts.
 It’s a nature of the beast, you have to be optimistic, but at the same time must be able to balance your optimism with actual exploration” Khumalo, who bought the Zimbabwe gold-mining assets of Lonmin Plc to build up Metallon, is the former chairman of JCI Ltd, which was South Africa’s first black-owned mining company before its assets were sold.
 The company is also a tenant of a 13th-century castle near Essen called Schloss Landsberg, owned by the Fritz-Thyssen Foundation, according to the website of a joint project with Cologne University.
 Lloyds and RBS, both taxpayer-owned after state bailouts, don’t pay dividends.
 Fellow state-owned CSR Corp.
 This month, Zara will open an online store on Tmall, a Chinese website owned by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
 Sphere is 88 percent owned by Glencore’s Sidero Pty, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 QIA bought the stake today from a investment company equally owned by Lau and Hong Kong billionaire Cheng Yu-tung’s Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Ltd.
 Globalfoundries, owned by an investment arm of the government of Abu Dhabi, is taking on the unit to tap the expertise of its engineers in the fundamentals of semiconductor design and manufacturing.
 That includes spending at hotels and nearby restaurants such as those owned by chef Michael Symon.
 Last year the Cavaliers played two nationally televised games, excluding those on the league-owned network -- this year that number is 25 and could increase.
 In Akron, James’s high school hung a poster across the street from an auto parts store whose front facade read “Welcome Home LeBron, Your Hometown” Inside the Gilbert-owned Horseshoe Casino there’s a 30-foot mural of famous Clevelanders, including Drew Carey, Bob Hope and Superman, who was created by local high school students in 1933.
 “Although litigation is a lengthy process, shareholder-owned Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac remain vitally important and increasingly valuable to all constituents,” Berkowitz’s firm said in a statement through Sard Verbinnen & Co.
 nuclear builder owned by Toshiba Corp, offered the Czech government help with financing the future expansion of nuclear power stations.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest taxpayer-owned lender, rose 28 percent after reporting third-quarter earnings that beat projections.
 The 67 percent state-owned company’s shift reflects efforts to cut costs across the industry, with Royal Dutch Shell Plc.
 A former mayor of Shanghai and central bank governor, he oversaw China’s entry into the World Trade Organization in 2001 and approved international share sales by state-owned companies.
 At CICC, his son forged personal ties with executives to win underwriting assignments from state-owned companies, including China Life Insurance Co.
 Peladeau said in his note he intervened to help keep control of Mel’s Studios, owned by Vision Globale, in Quebec, especially since it had received public funding.
 of Dubai, the emirate’s main state-owned holding company, said in an interview today at a Dubai conference.
 A third of California’s electricity must come from renewable sources by 2020, and mandates also require that the three biggest investor-owned utilities store 1,325 megawatts by 2024.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Petroleos Mexicanos posted its eighth consecutive quarterly loss as declining output from its Cantarell oilfield pushed production at the state-owned oil monopoly to its lowest level in 24 years.
 ‘New Normal’ As President Xi Jinping talks of China adapting to a “new normal” of slower growth, stresses in the economy are visible through companies such as Sinosteel Corp, a state-owned miner and steel trader that last month reported financial difficulties after steel prices tumbled.
 Days before the vote, Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, both partly owned by the UK.
 30 (Bloomberg) -- MidAmerican Energy Co, the utility owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, has signed an agreement through June 2024 with Siemens AG to support a dozen wind farms in Iowa.
 Gatwick, owned by US-based Global Infrastructure Partners and located south of the city’s sprawl, says it could add a new runway for as little as 5 billion pounds ($8 billion), compared with a bill of at least 14 billion pounds for the construction of a third runway at Heathrow.
 French state-owned university-services operators Crous, which cater to about 16 million students, picked BPCE’s unit in July to manage e-payments like restaurant meals, Chatillon said.
 The three Al Muhaidib brothers collectively hold 143 percent of Savola through two family-owned entities, Al Muhaidib Holding and Abdulkadir Al Muhaidib & Sons Co.
 The Al Issa family, who have owned Savola stock for more than a decade, control 112 percent of the business through Riyadh-based MASC Holding, which stands for Mohammed Al Issa and Sons Co.
 The turbines will be owned by Pacific Rim and maintained by United Wind.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Beyond the walls of a palace outside Casablanca owned by Saudi Arabia’s King Abdullah, Moroccans are buying housing plots that one of the Middle East’s biggest construction firms will fold into a new mini city.
 Banamex agreed to make the loans secured by promises the bank would be repaid by Petroleos Mexicanos, the state-owned oil company for which Oceanografia was doing work.
 It may consider selling two hotels owned by Pakistan International Airlines Corp.
 The state-owned Chinese company and its Canadian subsidiary, Nexen Inc, are looking at buying seismic data covering an area of the Barents Sea where licenses will be awarded in 2016, according to a Sept.
 Statoil ASA, 67 percent owned by the Norwegian state, has an office in Beijing and has had cooperation agreements with CNPC and Cnooc since before bilateral ties worsened in 2010.
 Cnooc also became a partner of Norway’s fully state-owned company Petoro AS in an exploration license off Iceland’s shores last year.
 The railroad owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 Lloyds Chief Executive Officer Antonio Horta-Osorio, 50, said in July he’ll ask regulators this year to approve his plan to resume dividends to help smooth the 25 percent government-owned bank’s return to full private ownership.
 “From the Kazakh perspective, it will be helpful to set up a long-tenor benchmark for state-owned borrowers,” Richard Segal, the London-based head of international credit strategy at Jefferies International Ltd, said by e-mail yesterday.
 The product exclusivity portion of the deal, which says NFL players can’t show a competitor headphone’s logo during postgame news conferences, has kept Beats, owned by Apple Inc, in the public spotlight.
 A firm owned by private-equity investor Wang Ping will pay HK$510 million for warrants with an exercise price of HK$160 a share, cut to HK$120 if used within six months.
 The company’s struggles illustrate the difficulties shipbuilders face in competing with state-owned yards that have government backing and easier access to financing.
 That would be a very long list” Germany’s state-owned development bank KfW Group said in July that it was planning to sell panda bonds.
 Subsidy Cuts The State-owned Assets Supervision and AdministrationCommission told China’s three carriers to cut the amount theyspend on subsidies and advertising for devices, such as theiPhone, people familiar with the matter said in July.
 Its largest shareholder is Citic Group Corp, the Chinese state-owned investment company, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 “Higher supply will improve government finances and take us closer toward energy security” Shares Jump Shares of state-owned refiners and explorers jumped in Mumbai, while Reliance slipped on concern the benefits of the higher prices may not be available immediately.
 ‘‘Deregulating diesel prices is an economically wise move as not only did the government pay a subsidy on it, but also there was wasteful usage due to artificially low prices,” said Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at state-owned Bank of Baroda in Mumbai.
 agreed to buy Van Tuyl Group, the largest privately owned US.
 “It’s a very small portion of the dealer body that’s owned by these large groups.
 While if a factory owned all of its stores, it could set prices and buyers would lose virtually all bargaining power” The bill prohibits automakers from selling a vehicle “directly to a retail customer other than through franchised dealers,” with exceptions for nonprofit organizations and government agencies.
 where Aldi, Lidl and Asda, which is owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, are strongest.
 Purchases of previously owned homes, which are counted when a contract closes, climbed in September to the highest level in a year, National Association of Realtors data showed earlier this week.
 Analysts estimated declines of 03 percent and 11 percent, respectively, according to the average of 17 projections from Consensus Metrix, owned by Kaul Advisory Group in Wayne, New Jersey.
 Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Chevron Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, Total SA and Eni SpA run joint ventures with state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- EE Ltd, the British phone company co-owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, added a TV service to its offerings as competition in the wireless and broadband markets heats up.
 Many of those, including a stake in Sasol Ltd, the world’s biggest maker of motor fuel from coal, are held via state-owned IDC.
 Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene said the form in which the shares were owned would make no difference to the government’s ability to raise cash.
 and Eskom will remain state-owned, because they are vital to the country’s plans to develop its infrastructure, shares in mobile-phone company Vodacom Group Ltd.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Ecopetrol SA, Colombia’s state-owned oil producer, slumped to the lowest in more than four years as a decline in output and crude prices crimped third-quarter earnings.
 “The German market is our number one priority, because you have so many successful family-owned companies,” said Philippe Oddo, partner at Oddo & Cie, who will also become chairman of the German bank’s supervisory board.
 State-run Banco do Brasil SA and oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA contributed the most to the gauge’s decline as the market weighed the chances of a new government to curtail intervention in state-owned companies.
 Other carriers operating the route include state-owned Air Zimbabwe and British Airways through its Comair Ltd.
 Fly Africa is 51 percent owned by the Karase family, with the balance controlled by a Mauritius-based company that he didn’t identify.
 gained the most in more than four months after the Boise, Idaho-based renewable-energy developer said it will acquire privately owned Earth Power Resources.
 Milestone Aviation is based in Dublin and was founded in 2010 by Richard Santulli, who built the NetJets luxury-aircraft leasing unit owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 Petronas, as the Malaysian state-owned crude producer is known, said earlier this month it may delay construction of its C$10 billion ($89 billion) terminal past 2030 unless proposed taxes were lowered.
 First Carlyle Ventures Mauritius owned 99 percent in the company as of Sept.
 to spin off majority-owned VMware.
 Many investment firms supported Barclays’s decision to include Fed-owned mortgage bonds in its index when the central bank announced its first purchases in 2008 because the program was envisioned as “temporary,” the Pimco managers wrote.
 banks, Lloyds and RBS, can’t say anything because they are owned by the taxman” Banks are still able to lure top executives to their boards by offering higher pay packages than other industries.
 and Melody Capital Advisors LLC that would reorganize the company as a standalone business; and one backed by lenders to the LP unit that would sell those assets to a buyer owned by Dish Network Corp.
 Western Energy Services Corp, Trinidad Drilling Ltd, Calfrac and Canyon have all been working for Petronas, the Malaysian state-owned producer, the Raymond James analysts wrote.
 The state-owned fund aims to set up a new entity to take over Malaysia Airlines’ operations and then relist the company in an initial public offering within three to five years, it said Aug.
 Art Defense For the second time in two days, Orr defended an agreement with the state of Michigan, private foundations and the Detroit Institute of Arts to protect city-owned art from liquidation in exchange for money to prop up pensions.
 Following Orr, investment banker James Doak told Rhodes that city-owned land wasn’t worth enough to justify putting much effort into selling it.
 “Some will take longer than others before they cross the Rubicon because they’re still owned by governments” Hammad, a former EasyJet Plc executive who joined Flybe in 2013, has cut losses by ditching predecessor Jim French’s plan to switch to a largely jet-powered fleet and capture swathes of the European regional market.
 Vodafone said it owned about 77 percent of Kabel Deutschland’s shares at the end of March.
 All of these contracts involved members of Putin’s inner circle: Uralkali’s chairman, Sergey Chemezov, has known Putin at least since the 1980s, when they lived in the same complex in Dresden, Germany, when the future president was a KGB agent; Novatek is partly owned by Timchenko; and Rosneft is run by Igor Sechin, who’s worked for Putin for two decades.
 “The political straitjacket will be removed to a certain extent as government bows to commercial realities” RBS, which is 80 percent government owned, will provide about half its services via mobile phones in 2017 compared with 11 percent in 2010, Deutsche Bank’s Napier estimates.
 The streaming-video provider and Amazon Inc, which also licenses Time Warner programming, pose a threat because they draw viewers away from traditional cable channels owned by Bewkes’s company, including TNT and TBS.
 Total is a tiny percentage of Colgate-Palmolive Co’s sales, but it’s inextricably entwined with the Colgate brand so the triclosan controversy could inflict long-term damage, said Michael Stone, who runs Beanstalk, a New York-based brand-licensing agency owned by Omnicom Group Inc.
 Soapcom, a site owned by Amazon, said hand sanitizer sales jumped 20 percent this week.
 I wouldn’t trade places with anyone” As his staff prepares lunch in the bustling kitchen, Paulus considers how far he has come from his first job, in a state-owned restaurant that has long since gone out of business.
 20, de la Renta, 82, named a creative director to succeed him at the fashion house renowned for dressing First Ladies and Hollywood actresses such as Sarah Jessica Parker and Amy Adams.
 “The subscription model is ideally positioned to take advantage of developing technologies in the consumer marketplace” HBO, owned by Time Warner Inc, roiled the industry today by saying it plans to offer a Web-based service in the US.
 It will also offer joint ventures with state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos.
 Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, the smallest state-owned bank, may need to tap investors, he said.
 The Tiger group, owned 40 percent by Singapore Airlines Ltd, hasn’t made a full-year profit since 2011, when the Australian unit was suspended from domestic flights for six weeks after a pilot flew too low approaching Melbourne airport.
 “They were playing great defensively” The Royals have been owned since 2000 by David Glass, 79, the former chief executive officer of Wal-Mart Stores Inc, who has been criticized for keeping the team payroll low and selling off stars when they became free agents.
 Activist investor Carl Icahn, who owned 11 percent of Forest Laboratories Inc, played a role in putting Saunders into the CEO’s job.
 Lenders are requiring credit scores averaging about 740 on loans they sell to the government-owned mortgage companies, far exceeding the sub-700 average before 2007 and above the 680 minimum that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac require on most loans.
 The London-based company owned about 19 percent of Aspen before reducing its stake in November.
 That’s because Tradeweb, which is majority owned by Thomson Reuters Corp.
 In 1994, Pimco and four other asset managers owned by Pacific Life did a reverse merger with Thomson Advisory Group LP, in which a closely held company acquires a public company.
 The lender helped Putin’s administration transform state-owned OAO Rosneft into the world’s biggest publicly traded oil producer by output.
 With London-based Rio rejecting Glasenberg’s July approach, Glencore went directly to Rio’s biggest shareholder -- state-owned Aluminum Corp.
 “It is very savvy of Glencore to approach the Chinese state-owned enterprise and maybe offer them something that Rio was unable or unwilling to deliver,” Evan Lucas, a markets strategist in Melbourne at IG Ltd, said by phone.
 “The miners are trying every way to get to copper deposits” Codelco Venture Codelco, Chile’s state-owned producer, formed a joint venture with JX Nippon Mining & Metals Co.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- Aqua America Inc, the second-largest publicly traded water company in the US, has acquired the family-owned utility Texas H2O to expand in the state.
 Shares of Allianz, which has owned the world’s biggest mutual fund since 2000, fell the most in almost three years on the day Gross’s departure was announced, wiping out 3 billion euros ($38 billion) of the company’s market capital.
 A Bank of America Corp’s global fund-manager survey conducted in September showed 18 percent of respondents were overweight euro-area stocks, meaning they owned more of the shares than are represented in equity benchmark gauges.
 Kreeger was appointed chief 21 months ago, four weeks after Delta agreed to purchase a 49 percent stake in Virgin previously owned by Singapore Airlines Ltd.
 (OINL) “Higher supply will improve government finances and takeus closer toward energy security” Shares Jump Shares of state-owned refiners and explorers jumped inMumbai, while Reliance slipped on concern the benefits of thehigher prices may not be available immediately.
 ‘‘Deregulating diesel prices is an economically wise moveas not only did the government pay a subsidy on it, but alsothere was wasteful usage due to artificially low prices,” saidRupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at state-owned Bank of Barodain Mumbai.
 They incorporated Go Unlimited, a separate entity owned 51percent by P&G, 49 percent by Whirlpool, and staffed by a fewdozen Whirlpool and P&G employees, some full-time, some part-time, all working together.
 Exxon and Pemex, as the state-owned producer is known, signed a three-year memorandum of understanding and cooperation to exchange academic, scientific and technical knowledge, according to e-mailed statements by both companies.
 For now, T-Mobile remains two-thirds owned by Deutsche Telekom.
 tight oil fields part-owned by Devon Energy Corp.
 BIMB is 54 percent-owned by Lembaga Tabung Haji, the state’s pilgrim fund that finances trips to Mecca in Saudi Arabia using its 43 billion ringgit in assets.
 While if a factory owned all of its stores, it could set prices and buyers would lose virtually all bargaining power” The bill prohibits automakers from selling a vehicle “directly to a retail customer other than through franchised dealers,” with exceptions for nonprofit organizations and government agencies.
 A requirement to guarantee them at clearinghouses owned by LCHClearnet Group Ltd, CME Group Inc, Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
 Charles Santoro, Fairway’s executive chairman and co-founder of private-equity firm Sterling Investment Partners LP, which owned most of the company until its April 2013 initial public offering, was given stock, options and cash valued at $54 million in 2013, according to its June 26 proxy statement.
 Sales of previously owned US.
 BYD, the automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, fell the most since March 20.
 Popular Options Nine of the 10 most-owned options on NQ Mobile are bullish, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 ports must be carried on vessels owned and built in the country, and crewed by citizens.
 The government will raise at least 20 billion rand ($18 billion) by selling shares in listed companies, stakes in state-owned entities and real estate to finance a bailout for power utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene said Oct.
 Claren Road Asset Management LLC lost 5 percent in the first week of October because of its investments in the two US-owned mortgage companies, wiping out gains for 2014.
 Geneva-based Klesch Group, owned by billionaire Gary Klesch, was started in 1990 and has units producing and trading oils, metals and chemicals.
 A federal appeals court in New York said Verizon’s disputed service, originally owned by WorldCom Inc, was subject to the tax because it had technological capacity to be used for local phone calls.
 Nord Stream is 51 percent owned by OAO Gazprom (OGZD), the Russianstate gas monopoly.
 Virgin America, based in Burlingame, California, began service in 2007 and, while separate from Virgin Group Ltd, is partly owned by its founder, billionaire Richard Branson.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 IndiGo is owned by InterGlobe Enterprises Ltd.
 No one at Battersea Power Station Development Co, owned by Malaysian companies including Sime Darby and SP Setia Bhd, was available for comment.
 The companies are talking to potential partners before submitting expressions of interest for the airports owned by state-run New Kansai International Airport Co, the people said yesterday.
 The company divested two-thirds of its copper assets to Cuprum Holding Group, owned by former Chairman Vladimir Kim and Kazakh operations head Eduard Ogay, and agreed to pay about $240 million as working capital and other expenses to run them.
 “Although litigation is a lengthy process, shareholder-owned Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac remain vitally important andincreasingly valuable to all constituents,” Berkowitz’s firmsaid in a statement.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 The circuit, which dates back to the 1920s, is owned by the regional Wallonian government.
 “It’s much more valuable for us to keep doing what we’re doing rather than embarking on risky growth,” Victor Puchi, chairman of AquaChile SA, the largest Chilean-owned farmer, said in an interview.
 BGC’s platform competes with platforms owned by ICAP Plc, Tradeweb Markets LLC and Bloomberg LP, the parent company of Bloomberg News.
 While the central bank releases the dollars, it’s state-owned Empresa Nacional de Energia SA, or Enarsa, that decides which invoices are paid, a bank official, who isn’t authorized to speak publicly, said.
 By imposing stricter safety rules, higher taxes and by terminating state-owned utility Vattenfall AB’s plans to replace reactors, the party plans to force a phase-out, without parliament support.
 The benchmark Ibovespa climbed 36 percent to 52,33003 at the close of trading in Sao Paulo, with state-owned oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA rallying 52 percent after posting its biggest one-day slump since 2008 yesterday.
 “Unlike some state-owned companies, this is a solid industry, with strong earnings” Itau, Kroton Itau Unibanco Holding SA, Brazil’s largest bank by market value, rose 59 percent to 3390 reais.
 Brazil’s stock index is still down 15 percent from this year’s high as Rousseff’s victory ended months of speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 State Elections The price drop means the government and state-owned explorers including Oil and Natural Gas Corp.
 In 1994, Pimco and four other asset managers owned by Pacific Life did a reverse merger with Thomson Advisory Group LP, in which a closely held company acquires a public company.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Bayerische Landesbank, Germany’s second-biggest state-owned lender, said it sold a 65 billion-euro ($83 billion) portfolio of asset-backed securities.
 Melrose Market Dunn, 50, is renowned in Seattle for the 2010 conversion of an old auto garage at the edge of downtown into a European-style market collective featuring a local butcher, shellfish store, bar, florist and the Sitka & Spruce restaurant.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- Voya Financial Inc, the insurer formerly owned by ING Groep NV, hired Michael Bell as chief financial officer of its asset manager.
 and Motorola Mobility, the mobile-phone maker that is now owned by Google Inc, in 2011, with Motorola Credit Corp.
 Acibadem Saglik Hizmetleri ve Ticaret AS, Turkey’s biggest hospital chain owned by IHH Healthcare Bhd and Khazanah Nasional Bhd, is in exclusive due diligence to buy rival Medicana Saglik Grubu, Istanbul-based Medicana said Sept.
 Hard Drives The New York firm is also advising Chinese state-owned companies on improving their anti-graft compliance and investigations procedures, Rogers said.
 State-owned oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA contributed the most to the gauge’s decline.
 State-owned lender Banco do Brasil SA retreated 12 percent to 25 reais today.
 State-owned airline Emirates, which started out with two Boeing 727s in 1985, now flies to 140 destinations around the globe, including 24 African cities.
 His Toronto-based company, 55 percent-owned by US.
 The son of a Kentucky coal entrepreneur, Potter has owned and operated coal companies for decades.
 The Spanish company has also been extending its control over Hochtief’s majority-owned subsidiary Leighton Holdings Ltd, appointing Fernandez Verdes to head the Australian unit in addition to his responsibilities in Germany this year.
 New World will pay HK$29 billion of the land premium for the site atop a train station while MTR Corp, Hong Kong’s government-owned railway operator, will pay the rest, MTR said in a statement yesterday.
 New World will fund and build the development, including the commercial portion which will be owned by MTR, according to the filing.
 Claren Road Asset Management LLC, the investment firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, had a stake in the company as of June 30, and 28 hedge funds had it in their top 10.
 Using a separate technology, the Swiss company is also constructing a pilot solar power system for a cement plant in Ait Baha, Morocco that’s owned by Ciments du Maroc, a subsidiary of Italy’s Italcementi SpA.
 Einhorn said he owned warrants on Greek banks Alpha Bank AE and Pireaus Bank SA, and is betting on declines in French sovereign debt.
 The world’s most valuable oil company had originally sought as much as $147 billion for assets nationalized after it refused to accept terms of a partnership with state-owned Petroleos de Venezuela SA.
 “The potential for a higher award, more than Venezuela could afford to pay, may have deterred potential suitors for Citgo, which is ultimately owned by Venezuela, amid fears of lawsuits against the nation’s foreign assets,” Dosanjh and Piazza wrote today.
 Shares of Mallinckrodt, one of the most widely owned and shorted stocks among hedge funds, have fallen 11 percent since peaking on Oct.
 State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co, which prices crude it sells by applying a premium or a discount to a regional benchmark, has cut the level for all five of the grades it sells to Asia since at least July, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The towers were owned by Portugal Telecom SGPS SA, with which Oi agreed to merge last year.
 The concessions didn’t placate Starboard, which owned a stake of about 88 percent as of Sept.
 Quilter Cheviot has been owned by private-equity investors since the end of 2011.
 “There’s a chance to create something that will drive tourism, that will really put Manila on the regional tourism map” The Philippines awarded four licenses in 2008 and 2009 to casino operators owned by billionaires including James Packer, Lawrence Ho and Enrique Razon to build resorts in the 120-hectare (297-acre) Entertainment City, a Las Vegas-style complex designed to compete with Singapore and Macau’s gambling markets.
 City of Dreams Manila, a venture owned by Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd.
 ultra-luxury manufacturer owned by German carmaker Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, is enjoying rising demand as wealthy Russians look to park their cash in expensive cars that historically have maintained their value.
 National Australia has owned Scotland’s Clydesdale Bank and the Yorkshire Bank since 1987.
 The state-owned plant in Yangon has a capacity of 1,000 tons a year that can be enlarged, he said.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- Alfa Group’s A1 unit plans to raise at least 258 billion rubles ($60 million) by selling a Russian logistics park owned by the Irish government.
 State-owned ABN Amro has said the ECB review would be important in deciding whether to go ahead with a share sale next year.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- Benjamin Lawsky, New York’s top banking regulator, has the power to regulate online lenders, including those owned by American Indian tribes, a US.
 Lawsky last year ordered 35 online lenders, including at least four companies owned by tribes, to stop offering loans in New York.
 Huawei, a closely held company owned by its employees, was set up in 1987.
 China Petrochemical Corp, Sinopec’s state-owned parent, signed an agreement with Aramco in January 2012 to develop a refinery in the Saudi city of Yanbu at a cost of as much as $10 billion.
 NBC Universal, now owned by Comcast Corp, declined to comment in an e-mail from a spokeswoman, Cameron Blanchard.
 history after disclosing that it had transferred more than $1 billion in losses to a firm owned by Bennett.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- AquaChile SA, the largest Chilean-owned salmon farmer, will buy a controlling interest in rival Invermar SA to take advantage of rising prices for the fish.
 AquaChile, controlled by Chilean entrepreneur Victor Puchi, has emerged as the biggest survivor among the Chilean-owned salmon farmers, rising 60 percent in the past 12 months as a European Union ban on exports to Russia boosted prices.
 The Wild Goose, a boat owned by actor John Wayne, who once had a home in Newport Beach, is still available for charter in the marina.
 The company, which is indirectly owned by state-oil firm Petroliam Nasional Bhd, is tapping the market as the central bank considers whether to add to its first interest-rate increase since 2011.
 “Companies will have to pay more because borrowing costs are rising” Rising Yields MMHE is 665 percent-owned by the nation’s shipping company MISC, which in turn is 627 percent controlled by Petronas.
 as the global coordinators for the sale of the state-owned postal, banking and insurance giant as soon as next year.
 Initial share sales for government-owned enterprises normally take at least a year to carry out after the underwriters are chosen, a Finance Ministry official told reporters in Tokyo yesterday, asking not to be named per the ministry’s policy.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Norway’s government will list its fully owned Entra ASA on the Oslo stock exchange in an offering that may value the real estate company at as much as 129 billion kroner ($2 billion).
 (PRE) surgedthe most in seven months after Mexico’s Alfa SAB (ALFAA) said it’sconsidering an offer to buy shares it doesn’t already own inLatin America’s biggest non-state-owned oil producer.
 Firtash, Evtushenkov The bank’s biggest borrowers, the people said, include companies owned or run by four men on the blacklist: Sechin and the billionaires Gennady Timchenko, Arkady Rotenberg and his brother Boris Rotenberg.
 Gazprom Squeeze OAO Novatek, an independent gas producer founded by a former engineer, Leonid Mikhelson, was being squeezed by Gazprom, which owned all the pipelines and wasn’t interested in helping its London-listed competitor, according to Alexander Ryazanov, Gazprom’s deputy CEO at the time.
 29 (Bloomberg) -- The chairman of Swisscanto Holding AG, an asset manager jointly owned by Switzerland’s regional banks, resigned after regulators banned him from managerial positions in an investigation of market manipulation at the bank that previously employed him.
 Zuercher Kantonalbank, Switzerland’s biggest state-owned regional lender, said on Oct.
 “If a factory owned all of its stores, it could set prices, and buyers would lose virtually all bargaining power” Political Debate Organizations including the Consumer Federation of America and the Center for Auto Safety have said that manufacturers such as Tesla should be able to sell directly and that buyers would benefit from choice.
 Primark, owned by Associated British Foods Plc, will lease a total of about 520,000 square feet (48,310 square meters) from Sears.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Sales of previously owned homes climbed in September to the highest level in a year, pointing to growing confidence in the US.
 Final Minutes Rotondi said he and his supervisor took two clients to the game and sat in four seats owned by ING about four rows behind the basket that was closest to the Knicks bench, according to court filings.
 Wal-Mart, which first invested in Seiyu in 2002, made the Japanese supermarket a wholly owned subsidiary in 2008.
 J Brand, 80 percent-owned by Fast Retailing, sells jeans in the US, including in department stores.
 That came after they bought back its stadium, Selhurst Park, from Lloyds Bank following the collapse of a company that previously owned the facility.
 Danaher, a Washington-based manufacturer of dental equipment and water filters, will create a wholly-owned subsidiary to hold the communications business and distribute ownership of that subsidiary to shareholders in either a spinoff or splitoff.
 Magris partnered with Singapore’s Temasek Holdings Pte and a company co-owned by Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing’s Cheung Kong Holdings Ltd.
 Jean-Etienne Amaury, chairman of family-owned Amaury Sport Organisation that has controlled the race since 1947, said it wants a backer to finance the extra costs of holding a women’s race of as long as one week on the same course as the men’s.
 14 that Permanent TSB, state-owned since a 2011 bailout, will be able to raise capital without upsetting state finances.
 Bank of Ireland, the only domestic bank not owned by the government, has adjusted common equity Tier 1 ratio of 93 percent in the adverse scenario of ECB’s stress test, versus a pass mark of 55 percent.
 BYD Co, a Chinese automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, climbed 5 percent after a report Guangzhou approved electric-vehicle subsidies.
 700,000 Members Austria’s local Volksbanken, which go back to credit unions founded by craftsmen and small manufacturers as early as 1851, are owned by roughly 700,000 of their Austrian clients, a similar structure to the more rural Raiffeisen banks.
 Hochtief, which is majority-owned by Madrid-based Actividades de Construccion & Servicios SA, has been unravelling a decade-long push into services to concentrate on highway and mining contracts under Chief Executive Officer Marcelino Fernandez Verdes.
 Up Energy, which has four coal mines in China’s Xinjiang province, is a third owned by a family trust, Qin said.
 MegaFon, controlled by billionaire Alisher Usmanov and part-owned by Sweden’s TeliaSonera AB, remains the only major Russian mobile carrier that hasn’t downgraded its sales forecast this year.
 The family couldn’t keep up, said Jose Antonio Gomez Yanez, a Madrid-based consultant to politicians and companies including state-owned rail operator Renfe.
 The family owned 685 percent of the company before the deal, according to regulatory filings.
 BYD Co, the electric-car maker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, advanced 35 percent after China said it would promote the use of alternative-energy vehicles.
 In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, sales at cafes open 13 months or longer rose 5 percent, compared with analysts’ estimates of 33 percent growth, according to Consensus Metrix, owned by Kaul Advisory Group in Wayne, New Jersey.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Roseville, California-based Solar Power as of Aug.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Jimmy Choo Ltd, the luxury shoemaker owned by JAB Holdings, plans to sell shares at the bottom of its planned range, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 Council President Darrell Clarke said today that the risks of selling Philadelphia Gas Works Co, the nation’s largest municipally owned gas utility, outweigh the benefits.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- First Data Corp, the payments processor owned by KKR & Co, hired former Citigroup Inc.
 Through Africatel, Oi co-owns Unitel along with shareholders such as Angolan state-owned oil company Sonangol and Isabel dos Santos, the daughter of Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos.
 In May, state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti SpA’s strategic fund sold a 40 percent stake in Ansaldo Energia SpA, formerly owned by state defense holding Finmeccanica SpA, to Shanghai Electric Group Co.
 Carnival will sign a memorandum of understanding with state-owned China State Shipbuilding Corp.
 Puan Maharani, daughter of Megawati Soekarnoputri who is chairman of Jokowi’s party, was appointed Coordinating Minister for Human Development Affairs and Culture, while Rini Soemarno, head of Jokowi’s transition team and a past trade minister, got the state-owned enterprises post.
 Sofyan Djalil, former state-owned enterprises minister, was named Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs.
Mubadala GE Capital PJSC, a venturebetween Abu Dhabi state-owned fund Mubadala Development Co.
 “We have Khafji halted at the moment, and now we have Wafra that seems to walk in the same path,” Kamel al-Harami, an independent oil-industry analyst and a former president of state-owned Kuwait Petroleum International Ltd, said by phone today.
 Kuwaiti ruler Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Sabah arrived late today in Riyadh for a visit, the state-owned Kuwait News Agency said on its website.
 Ge Honglin, the former mayor of Chengdu, was this month named as the new chairman of Chalco’s state-owned parent, Aluminum Corp.
 Russia’s state-owned Rosatom Corp.
 The casino-hotel proposed by Las Vegas-based Caesars in Woodbury that his heirs are fighting is on land the railroad magnate once owned, Sweeney said.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- FX, the cable outlet owned by 21st Century Fox Inc, said the debut of “American Horror Story: Freak Show” posted the network’s highest ratings ever.
 Brussels Airlines, part-owned by Deutsche Lufthansa AG, serves all three countries from the Belgian capital.
 Sales Forecast BYD Co, the electric automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, fell 44 percent to $644 in over-the-counter trading in New York.
 CDiscount, owned by Casino Guichard-Perrachon SA, will open 100 of the machines in SNCF train stations starting Nov.
 CNBC, which like NBC is owned by Comcast Corp, aired a one-hour special on car collecting in August, hosted by Leno.
 SaskPower International Inc, Saskatchewan’s province-owned utility, will officially start the C$135 billion ($12 billion) Boundary Dam power plant tomorrow, said Tyler Hopson, a spokesman for the company.
 Later that month, Lawsky asked Ocwen to provide information about its transactions with a variety of vendors owned or controlled by Ocwen’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Erbey.
 The company, called Cane Bay Partners VI LLLP, is part-owned by Vector Capital IV LP, a private-equity fund that counts Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology among its investors, according to former employees of Cane Bay and Vector.
 That’s included large operators buying family owned cinemas struggling to upgrade their circuits with digital technology and larger screens.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- RSA Insurance Group Plc agreed to sell its Italian business to ITAS Mutua, the country’s oldest customer-owned insurer.
 “Demand in places like China and Japan is changing, evolving” Developers led by Chevron, Royal Dutch Shell Plc, BG Group Plc and Petronas, as the Malaysian state-owned crude producer is known, have pushed for better terms to invest in Canada’s Pacific Coast as they compete with other Asia-focused LNG projects in the US, Mozambique and Australia.
 While NAK Naftogaz Ukrainy says it has $31 billion available to pay its debt, the state-owned energy company lacks money for new supplies and must rely on Europe to finance the purchases, Miller and Novak have said.
 The company will offer HK$21 billion to independent third parties and HK$700 million to Peace Link Services Ltd, a company owned by Zheng, according to a filing yesterday with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
 Peace Link is wholly owned by Zheng, who was added to the Forbes billionaires list Oct.
 “A sale of shares in government-owned companies will see an offset in the form of lower borrowing or increased cash holdings,” Trond Viken, a ministry spokesman, said in an e-mail.
 Oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA fell to the lowest since June on damped speculation that a new government would curtail intervention in state-owned companies.
 Shares of Mallinckrodt, on of the most widely owned and shorted stocks among hedge funds, rose 106 percent in September.
 The Australia herd is forecast to drop to a two-decade low in 2015, according to Meat & Livestock Australia, a producer-owned marketing and research company.
 The facilities are expected to be owned by the developer, its project holding company TerraForm Power Inc.
 FHFA until now has refused to allow foreclosed properties backed by the US-owned companies to be transferred to nonprofits that sell them back to the original owners at the current market price.
 The lender, which is still majority-owned by Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, raised $346 billion last month in one of the year’s largest US.
 Funding Gap South Africa last month said it will increase financial support for Eskom as the state-owned power utility, which supplies about 95 percent of the nation’s electricity, tries to meet a 225 billion-rand funding gap needed to pay for the construction of power plants to prevent economic growth from stagnating in Africa’s most industrialized economy.
 The French government plays a key role in deciding who will head the country’s two largest utilities, which were once state monopolies and are still part-owned by taxpayers.
 Aequitas, which is owned by a group including Royal Bank, Barclays Plc and Canada’s Public Sector Pension Investment Board, markets its new venue as friendly to humans.
 There are currently no Swiss proceedings and the investigation is a “legacy issue” that dates from when Bank Sarasin was owned by Rabobank Groep and had not yet been bought by Safra, Bonnant said.
 as the source of the world’s best quality tobacco, is recovering from its collapse following the seizure of white-owned commercial farms by President Robert Mugabe’s government.
 Globalstar was 23 percent owned by hedge funds, according to data compiled from Bloomberg based on the most recent regulatory filings.
 Fannie Mae is almost 97 percent owned by the government, but hedge funds crowded into what they could, holding almost all of what was available to private investors.
 The part state-owned company plans to eliminate positions from its 19,000-strong workforce and is working with labor unions on the job cuts, which Maseko said would come in several stages.
 The cases often involve whether the property -- church buildings as well as investments -- are owned by the congregations outright or are only held in trust for the denomination.
 QKR has agreed to finance Epangelo Mining Co’s purchase of the stake, and the state-owned mining company plans to use some of its dividends to pay off the loan.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Turkey is preparing for the secondary public offering of lender Turkiye Vakiflar Bankasi TAO with plans to transfer shares in the state-owned lender to the treasury from another government body, according to UBS AG.
 and KDDI Corp, SoftBank’s larger rivals that were formerly state-owned companies.
 Fed Stimulus There’s less buying and selling in part because a large portion of the debt is owned by the Fed, which has expanded its balance sheet to $45 trillion from less than $1 trillion in September 2008 through three bond-buying programs.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest taxpayer-owned lender, had third-quarter profit that beat analyst estimates even as it set aside 400 million pounds ($639 million) for a currency rigging probe.
 Anastasia Myskina, a Russian player who won the 2004 French Open singles title, said on state-owned Rossiya 24 television channel that the situation around the comment have been blown out of proportion.
 Maverick owned 109 million Qihoo ADRs at the end of the second quarter, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- CarVal Investors LLC, the asset-manager unit of Cargill Inc, bought Aergo Capital Ltd, an Irish aviation leasing company co-owned by billionaire Denis O’Brien.
 “Cutting branches and employees is a struggle, a balancing act for government-owned banks” The shares rose 02 percent to 7604 pence at 10:53 am.
 London-based Lloyds, which is 25 percent owned by the government, still has more than 2,000 branches throughout the UK, according to its website.
 Dark pools, private trading systems usually owned by banks, are just one component of the fragmented US.
 “There may not be a galloping growth in consumption but we do expect some demand especially for infrastructure projects starting next month,” Ponnapalli Madhusudan, chairman at Rashtriya Ispat, the nation’s second-largest state-owned producer of the alloy, said in a phone interview.
 won a ruling that its iPhones and iPads don’t infringe two patents owned by the Canadian technology licensor ahead of a trial that was scheduled next month on the claims.
 The Cubic companies infringed patents owned by Smart Systems through the “implementation and operation” of the open fare system, according to the complaint.
 The sale process started this month and is generating interest from family-owned and buyout firms in the region, according to the people.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- The fate of Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd’s credit rating is in the hands of South African Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene, whose turn it is to show why the state-owned utility shouldn’t be cut to junk.
 Works from the series are owned by billionaire collectors Francois Pinault, Steven A.
 Spotloan is owned by the Turtle Mountain band of the Chippewa Indian tribe of North Dakota, which asserts it isn’t subject to state laws.
 of Chicago, which is owned by six Class I railroads, Seidl said.
 Of the eight most-owned Burger King options, six were bearish, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The Calgary-based company has been in talks with as many as eight prospective partners as state-owned Comision Federal de Electricidad prepares to auction projects through 2015, James Delano, who heads Mexican operations, said in an interview yesterday.
 Representatives for Guangdong Rising, a state-owned Chinese investment group known as GRAM, didn’t immediately respond to an e-mailed request for comment.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- International Dairy Queen, the ice cream chain owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, said customer data were compromised by hackers.
 Almost all Dairy Queen locations are independently owned and operated.
 Securities and Exchange Commission, the San Jose, California-based networking gear maker had invested $716 million in VCE as of July 26 and it owned 35 percent of the venture.
 Buffett has owned a stake in the Cheshunt, England-based grocer since March 2006, when Berkshire bought shares for $3287 million.
 That’s included large operators buying family owned cinemas struggling to upgrade their circuits with digital technology and larger screens.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Telekom Austria AG, the European phone company majority-owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, will proceed with a share sale of as much as 1 billion euros ($126 billion) this year after third-quarter profit beat estimates.
 National Amusements, based in Norwood, Massachusetts, is owned by Redstone family trusts and led by Redstone’s daughter Shari, its president.
 Craftsmen, Manufacturers They go back to credit unions founded by craftsmen and small manufacturers and are owned by roughly 700,000 of their clients.
 Two of the three most-owned contracts on the ETF were bearish.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, Ireland’s smallest state-owned bank, failed European Central Bank stress tests under the adverse scenario being assessed by regulators, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.
 Three projects led by state-owned Statoil ASA, which is borrowing and selling assets to cover dividend payments, are at risk of being delayed or shelved, said Jarand Rystad, managing partner of Oslo-based consultant Rystad Energy.
 The southern province is home to a sizable population of African migrants, and more than a thousand people from Africa arrive at the Baiyun Airport in its capital city of Guangzhou every day, according to state-owned China Daily.
 State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
 The April shutdown of the company’s co-owned LNG terminal in Angola for extensive repairs contributed to Chevron’s reduction in its full-year 2014 production target in August.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Bonds of Edcon Holdings Ltd, the South African clothing retailer owned by Bain Capital Partners LLC, are feeling the effects of a ratings downgrade and Morgan Stanley note advising traders to short the securities.
 “We’re owned 95 percent by institutions.
 The investment firm, owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign wealth fund, is talking with lenders including Deutsche Bank AG, Bank of America Corp, BNP Paribas SA and HSBC Holdings Plc about refinancing the stake, two of the people said, asking not to be identified as the information is private.
 and Canada and about 99 percent of them are owned by franchisees.
 Besides Cologne, Germany-based Lufthansa, which is Europe’s second-biggest airline, the roster of CSeries customers includes a Russian lessor, a state-owned Latvian carrier and Iraqi Airways.
 The carrier is spending 5 billion Swiss francs ($518 billion) on new aircraft as Lufthansa’s most profitable airline tries to defend its home turf against EasyJet Plc and Etihad Regional, the former Darwin Airline partly owned by the Gulf carrier.
 The Royals, who had only one winning season from 1995 to 2012, have been owned since 2000 by David Glass, 79, the former chief executive officer of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said if Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, the 992 percent government-owned lender, needs to raise capital after European stress tests this month, it can do so in the markets and not upset state finances.
 The West African nation, beset by daily blackouts, sold 14 state-owned utilities to companies including Siemens AG last year to reduce supply cuts in the continent’s most-populous country, with about 170 million people.
 In the US, shippers of grain, coal and other commodities have told regulators of poor service from BNSF, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 H3C was previously owned by 3Com and Chinese networking provider Huawei Technologies Co; 3Com bought out Huawei’s stake in the business in early 2007.
 Daimler owned 39 percent of Palo Alto, California-based Tesla, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 DLE and Toho Cinemas Ltd, owned by the creator of “Godzilla,” today announced plans to use the slot between trailers and the feature as a content incubator starting next month, pitting new characters in a popularity contest and sharing the intellectual property rights.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Claren Road Asset Management LLC, the hedge-fund firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, slumped 5 percent in the first week of October after its investments in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac lost about two-thirds of their value, according to an investor in the fund.
 31 (Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc’s investment bank lost money in the third quarter, bucking the improving trends at the rest of the UK’s largest taxpayer-owned lender.
 “I’ve never sold a share of the stock and I’ve owned it since 2005.
 “Closer cooperation between Germany and its neighbors can increase overall supply security and reduce its cost,” said Patrick Graichen, head of Agora Energiewende, a researcher owned by the Mercator Foundation and European Climate Foundation.
 1 (Bloomberg) -- PT Pertamina’s purchase of a stake in Murphy Oil Corp’s oil and natural gas assets in Malaysia for $2 billion may lead to more overseas deals for Indonesia’s state-owned energy company as it struggles to bolster domestic reserves.
 “The acquisition may be a realization that they can’t rely on their own resources or on importing LNG” More overseas deals would mirror the progress of fellow state-owned oil company Petroliam Nasional Bhd, or Petronas, of Malaysia, said Regan.
 Last December, McLean, Virginia-based Hilton, majority-owned by Blackstone Group LP, raised $271 billion in a record initial public offering for the hotel industry.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- Indonesian President Joko Widodo turned to members of previous governments and executives from state-owned companies as he named his new cabinet, promoting Bambang Brodjonegoro to finance minister.
 Brodjonegoro, who was the deputy finance minister for the last government, joins Coordinating Minister of Economic Affairs Sofyan Djalil, a former state-owned enterprises minister, in the top posts to run Southeast Asia’s largest economy.
 He was a minister twice in former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono’s cabinet, for communications and state-owned enterprises.
 Other key economic roles went to Sudirman Said, the president director of state-owned military equipment maker PT Pindad and a former director at PT Petrosea, for the energy and mining portfolio, and Rini Soemarno, a former trade and industry minister, for the state-owned enterprises ministry.
 He’s ordered ministers to sweep areas clean and called upon state-owned banks to fund the construction of toilets as sanitation and health are elements of his goal to boost the economy.
 Policyholder-owned State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co.
 “The more gas from other sources, the lower the reliance on current supply source will be” Independence Capacity The Independence, with a capacity of 170,000 cubic meters, is leased by Klaipedos Nafta AB, the state-owned energy terminal operator, from Norway’s Hoegh LNG Holdings for 10 years with an option to buy the regasification unit.
 Third-quarter net income at BYD, the automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, dropped 26 percent.
 The Bogota- and Toronto-listed company entered into a three-year arrangement with state-owned Pemex to analyze potential projects including deep-water and onshore heavy oil ventures, Pacific Rubiales said today in a statement.
 Shenzhen-based BYD Co, owned in part by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, was the big winner in the city’s first tender for emission-free taxis in the EU’s de facto capital, beating France’s Renault SA and Japan’s Nissan Motor Co.
 The trial resulted from an 18-month investigation into Oesterreiche Banknoten und Sicherheitsdruck GmbH, or OeBS, the printing press owned by the central bank, and Muenze Oesterreich AG, the country’s mint.
 Ozon, an online retailer part-owned by Russian billionaire Vladimir Evtushenkov, acquired an undisclosed stake in the country’s largest online-books store Litres in May.
 Claren Road Asset Management LLC, the hedge-fund firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, fell about 11 percent in one of its funds in October, according to three people with knowledge of the returns.
 and Hulu, which is owned by three big media companies, have tried to replicate Netflix’s success.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Censors in China have shut down a provincial website of Tencent Holdings Ltd, owned by the country’s third-richest man, according to a government notice.
 IFM is an infrastructure investor owned by 30 not-for-profit Australian pension funds that invests contributions on behalf of members of the nation’s compulsory savings plan.
 Swiss energy trader Vitol Group’s plan to raise $2 billion to buy oil from state-owned producer OAO Rosneft was thwarted after the world’s largest publicly traded oil producer by volume was slapped with US.
 “We’re looking at the classic regional point-to-point model, so we’ll be steering clear of competition with state-owned or low-cost carriers” VLM, previously owned by Air France-KLM Group before it and sister-carrier CityJet were bought by Intro earlier this year, currently operates a fleet of 12 Fokker 50 turboprops which perform shorter flights of about an hour, the CEO said.
 Vimeo, owned by Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, obtained rights to 12 action-sports films from The Orchard, YouTube’s ninth-largest network.
 It had 17 million unique video viewers on YouTube in August, according to Comscore, ninth behind YouTube partner channels such as Walt Disney Co’s Maker Studios, Vevo and Fullscreen Inc, which sold a majority stake last month to Otter Media, the venture owned by AT&T Inc.
 over the state-owned development financier’s plans to build a new steel plant in South Africa with China’s Hebei Iron & Steel Co, O’Flaherty said.
 Investment-banking income, which fell last quarter, may pick up after the firm was chosen to coordinate share sales including state-owned Japan Post Holdings Co’s initial public offering.
 Saudi Cut State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co, the largest crude exporter, on Oct.
 Bpifrance, the French state-owned investment bank, sold 50 million Orange shares at 1160 euros each, cutting its holding to 116 percent from 135 percent.
 Under the terms of the deal, investors will receive 2875 shares of Comcast for each Time Warner Cable share owned.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, India’s largest state-owned oil explorer, and Hindustan Petroleum Corp, a state-owned oil refiner, rallied after the government increased natural-gas tariffs and freed diesel from price controls.
 Lawyers for the US, which is suing London-based BP to recover damages to publicly-owned natural resources and for violations of the Clean Water Act, also say the disputed testimony was properly admitted at trial.
 BSkyB, about 39 percent owned by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc, agreed in July to buy Fox’s Sky Italia unit and a majority stake in Sky Deutschland.
 Casino revenue at wholly owned domestic resorts declined 4 percent, with both table games and slots performing worse than a year earlier, MGM Resorts said.
 Brussels Airlines, part-owned by Deutsche Lufthansa AG and the only western carrier serving all three Ebola-struck countries, has maintained its flights during the recent epidemic.
 The need for skilled retailers on the board makes Norman, the former head of Asda, the Tesco competitor owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, appealing.
 Borissov, a former bodyguard of Bulgaria’s last communist dictator Todor Zhivkov and of former king and ex-Prime Minister Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, yesterday pledged to boost growth, curb the budget gap and deal with debt of state-owned energy utilities.
 Some Republicans have warned that rules targeting inversions without addressing the fundamental tax advantage held by foreign-owned firms will only encourage more takeovers of US.
 tax code, which favors foreign-owned companies over domestic ones.
 Foreign-owned companies aren’t required to pay US.
 The banks had consulted the Danish Supervisory Authority for guidelines after the documents were stolen yesterday from a car owned by one of the people involved in the merger talks.
 (AMZN) and Hulu,which is owned by three big media companies, have tried toreplicate Netflix’s success.
 The Southeast Asian country already plans to combine its two exchanges, reduce foreign-ownership limits and sell shares in state-owned companies to bolster the $60 billion market.
 “A key to attract more foreign investment is a real reform of the banking industry, restructuring of state-owned enterprises sector and opening up of foreign ownership levels,” said James Bannan, who runs the $140 million Frontier Markets Fund at Coeli Asset Management in Malmoe, Sweden.
 last year for a cut of its $265 billion in gross yearly sales over claims the medicine used time-release technology owned by Depomed.
 Nationwide, the country’s biggest customer-owned lender, is focused on UK.
 Citgo said in a July 29 filing that state-owned oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA was looking for a buyer, threatening to undermine bondholders and other creditors by removing a sovereign asset that could be seized in the US.
 “Now, cyber-sabotage attacks are designed to kill’ National Champions For France, part of what’s at stake is also keeping its data, research and development and patents safe in a country that takes pride in producing world-renowned engineers, cryptologists, mathematicians, and their top-notch inventions.
 Einhorn also said he owned warrants on Greek banks Alpha Bank AE and Pireaus Bank SA, and was betting on declines in French sovereign debt.
 Stress tests on the biggest 15, which include state-owned Oshchadbank and Raiffeisen Bank Aval, have already found nine must raise 56 billion hryvnia in capital.
 Steve Burke, chief executive officer of the broadcaster owned by Comcast Corp, was taken aback by the announcements last week that HBO and CBS are offering online-only services that don’t require a cable subscription, he said in an investor call this morning.
 surged 99 percent amid a plan by provincial government to reform its state-owned enterprises.
 The province of Zhejiang completed its reform plan for state-owned enterprises and will announce it once it gains approval, ZhejiangonlineCom reported yesterday.
 workers will go on strike next month to protest a plan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government to raise at least $33 billion by selling stake in the state-owned monopoly miner.
 They’re assembling online versions of cable TV by recruiting channels owned by Viacom Inc.
 With 13 lawyers, Scharf Banks Marmor is Chicago’s largest women-owned firm.
 It will acquire Fargo, North Dakota-based Specialty Commodities Inc, which is majority owned by private-equity firm Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison Inc.
 India’s state-owned lenders are being called on to do both, threatening to erode profits and add expenditures at firms saddled with nonperforming loans.
 15 a mission to build toilets in public schools, the Finance Ministry sent a memo to state-owned lenders urging them to pay for construction, according to a senior banking executive who saw it and didn’t want to be identified as the communication wasn’t public.
 In rural India, 5 percent of households owned 36 percent of assets, according to the government’s 2011 Human Development Report.
 The exchange, owned by CBOE Holdings Inc, halted trading at 5:45 am.
 Seven out of 10 cane factories being built by the state-owned Sugar Corp.
 “Commercial loans to finance large public investment projects by state-owned enterprises could increase the risk to Ethiopia’s public debt sustainability,” it said.
 The government in August said it will reduce salaries for executives at state-owned companies, saying “unreasonably high” pay was stoking public discontent.
 Bombardier reached a preliminary deal with state-owned Rostekhnologii in August 2013 to establish a turboprop assembly line in Russia.
 sales of existing homes, also called previously owned homes, probably rose in September for the fifth time in the last six months, helped by cheaper borrowing costs and job gains, according to a Bloomberg survey.
 Among the airlines in which Etihad has invested is Alitalia, which was previously 25 percent owned by Air France-KLM.
 Traders owned 074 bearish contracts on the stock for every bullish one on Sept.
 The company, part owned by China’s Tencent Holdings Ltd.
 Petronas Assets Petronas, Malaysia’s state-owned energy company, has exploration and production ventures in at least 22 countries in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Central Asia, Latin America and Africa, accounting for almost a quarter of its total oil and gas reserves, it said on its website.
 Chrysler, owned by Turin, Italy-based Fiat SpA, said total sales advanced to 169,890, marking 54th consecutive monthly increase for the third-largest US.
 as part of an asset injection by state-owned parent China State Shipbuilding Corp.
 Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, Britain’s largest taxpayer-owned lender, rose 62 percent after reporting third-quarter earnings that beat projections.
 Vessels owned by Carnival and Regent Seven Seas, which has agreed to be acquired by Norwegian, canceled stops and changed itineraries to avoid the area.
 “Unlike some state-owned companies, this is a solid industry, with strong earnings” Itau Unibanco Holding SA, Brazil’s largest bank by market value, rose 59 percent to 3390 reais.
 BYD Co, the electric automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, rallied 28 percent after China said it would promote alternative-energy car use in Beijing.
 “It’s doubly worrying that union militancy in South Africa is growing with each passing day, setting the stage for a much more volatile social and political environment” A five-month strike this year by more than 70,000 miners at the world’s biggest platinum mines owned by companies including Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
 -German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers remarks in Berlin to aEuropean association of family-owned companies, a sector that’sbeen critical of her economic policy.
 Vice President Al Gore speaks at the China CaijingConference, a two-day event in Beijing that will featuregovernment officials and leaders of state-owned enterprisesincluding Bank of China Ltd.
 Sky Mexico is majority-owned by Mexican television giant Televisa.
 “We have continued to implement a range of cost management programs” Vodacom, 65 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Group Plc, is exploring acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa and is expanding into Internet services to help offset declining sales from its domestic voice division.
 The investment banking unit of Russia’s state-owned lender VTB Group last month treated several hundred US, European and Russian financiers to a six-hour party at the Moscow Crowne Plaza that included turns from British pop diva Sophie Ellis-Bextor, dancers and a charade making light of sanctions, according to three people who attended.
 Delta is about 23 percent owned by SABMiller Plc, the London-based maker of Peroni, Grolsch and Castle lagers.
 31 as the US-owned mortgage financier continues to benefit from a rebounding housing market.
 Capital expenditures will be 68 billion dirhams ($185 billion) this year, down 2 billion dirhams from last year, and fourth-quarter spending is being reviewed, the state-owned company known as Taqa said in a statement to the Abu Dhabi stock exchange today.
 Existing Homes Purchases of previously owned houses reached a one-year high in October, selling at a 526 million annual pace, the National Association of Realtors reported Nov.
 It owned shares in 15 companies at the end of the quarter and one, Shire Plc, was new, according to the filing.
 West Alpha, the rig owned by billionaire John Fredriksen’s North Atlantic Drilling Ltd.
 laws are, and that will determine where it goes” North Atlantic, a 70 percent owned subsidiary of Seadrill Ltd, both based in Hamilton, Bermuda, slid as much as 26 percent, the most since listing in New York in January, and closed 20 percent lower at $316 a share, the lowest on record.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Bonds of Brazilian construction companies slumped as authorities investigated allegations of corruption involving contracts signed with state-owned oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Vivint Solar Inc, the rooftop-panel leasing unit majority owned by Blackstone Group LP, dropped the most ever after reporting its first quarterly results as a public company.
 Traders owned 210 bearish contracts on the SPDR retail ETF for every 100 bullish ones as of Nov.
 TMX’s four platforms, including the Toronto Stock Exchange, Venture Exchange, Alpha and TMX Select, owned about 74 percent Canadian market share by volume in the third quarter, according to data from IIROC.
 Tim, which is 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia SpA, has a market capitalization of about $122 billion.
American Indian tribes dropped alawsuit challenging New York’s regulation of online lendersafter setbacks in court, saying the case “has consumedconsiderable resources” Benjamin Lawsky, the state’s top financial regulator, lastyear ordered 35 online lenders, including at least fourcompanies owned by tribes, to stop offering loans in New YorkHe also contacted Citigroup Inc.
 Its advertising provides the main source of revenue for the New Age, a newspaper that reports “the positive side of news,” and 24-hour news channel ANN7, which says it provides “constructive, nation-building stories” Both outlets are owned by companies controlled by the members of the Gupta family who are friends with Zuma and employ his son.
 “The ANC does not like a free and independently owned press with its watchdog capabilities,” he said Nov.
 The maker of salmon feed is recommending the improved SHV offer equal to 4450 euros a share after holding talks with the family-owned investment vehicle over the weekend, Chief Executive Officer Knut Nesse said on a call.
 “So I would expect these companies to take advantage” Asian state-owned national oil companies such as China National Petroleum Corp, Korea National Oil Corp.
 BP’s settlement doesn’t include damage claims by state and local governments, financial institutions, casinos and companies harmed by the deep-water drilling moratorium that followed the spill, or damages to publicly owned natural resources.
 Papa said the acquisition allows Perrigo to work around regulatory hurdles in Europe that often require pharmacies to be independently owned, making the process of adding its products across the continent laborious, he said.
 “So the opportunity for more growth goes down as oil prices continue to fall” BNSF, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, has benefited from the surge in crude production at shale fields including the Bakken in North Dakota.
 Ontex, partly owned by TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, plans to issue senior secured notes, a revolving credit facility and a first-lien facility, according to preliminary offering circular obtained by Bloomberg News.
 Before the deal, Ismaik owned 279 percent of Arabtec, while Aabar held 189 percent of the stock, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 China “is eventually going to be the biggest economy and they’d like a bigger presence there” The QIA is an investor in Citic Capital Holdings Ltd, an alternative investment company backed by the state-owned Citic Group and China’s sovereign-wealth fund and focused on private equity in Japan, China and the US.
 In May, the QIA was among investors who bought $51 billion of shares in Citic Pacific Ltd, which was acquiring assets from its parent as part of China’s drive to restructure state-owned enterprises.
 ASR Nederland, another state-owned Dutch insurer, has said it is interested and may make an offer.
 Bain Capital owned 577 percent stake in Hero through BCIndia Pvt Investors II, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 His practice focuses on complex transactions including leveraged buyouts for private-equity funds, domestic and cross-border M&A, as well as general corporate representations for publicly held corporations, private and family owned companies, and private-equity funds and their portfolio companies.
 The Toronto-based company owned by British Columbia Investment Management Corp, is increasing its room stock in Ontario relative to the rest of the country to 28 percent, from 24 percent.
 The Securities and Exchange Commission voted unanimously today to approve rules that will cover the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange and venues operated by Bats Global Markets Inc, as well as dark pools including those owned by Credit Suisse Group AG and UBS AG.
 Twelve dark pools, broker-owned competitors to exchanges that don’t publish quotes, will also have to comply under the rules approved today.
 Senrigan gained in September and October from progress in the reorganization of two state-owned companies in China, which the person declined to identify.
 He then sold Jefferies to its biggest shareholder, Leucadia, an investment firm that also owned stakes in beef processing and timber.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- China asked state-owned companies to investigate risks associated with commodity trading, said people familiar with the matter, as the government seeks to avoid losses amid a price slump for raw materials.
 The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission ordered companies under its regulation to manage any expected losses in their commodity trading businesses, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the order hasn’t been made public.
 The move signals regulators’ intent to head off a repetition of cases in the last decade in which state-owned companies lost hundreds of millions of dollars in commodities trades gone bad.
 “This might just be a warning shot across a few bows, reminding state-owned companies of their responsibilities,” Jeremy Goldwyn, London-based head of business development in Asia at broker Sucden Financial Ltd.
 All businesses will remain within UBS AG, which in turn is owned by UBS Group.
 Two suspects were also killed, and a total of 20 are being held, according to Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television.
 The oil field owned by Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- Former England soccer manager Sven-Goran Eriksson switched clubs in the Chinese Super League, becoming head coach of a team owned by Shanghai International Port (Group) Co.
 were among buyers in Turkey’s biggest initial public offering this year of the pension and life-insurance unit co-owned by Aviva Plc and Haci Omer Sabanci Holding AS.
 Anadolu Hayat Emeklilik AS, owned by Turkiye Is Bankasi AS, the country’s biggest publicly traded lender by assets, was the only pension manager and life insurer on Borsa Istanbul before Avivasa.
 Asda, owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, was the only one of the UK’s major grocers to maintain market share.
 Waitrose, owned by John Lewis Partnership Plc, increased sales by 56 percent, taking its share to 51 percent, Kantar said.
 Company Probe The probe focused on the non-profit Noos Institute that Urdangarin headed, which received public funds, and Aizoon SL, a shell company he owned equally with his wife that received money from Noos, according to court documents.
 Yahoo Japan was 429 percent owned by SoftBank Corp.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 The 132,000 contiguous acres owned by the trust lie southwest of San Antonio at the heart of the Eagle Ford.
 Czech utility CEZ AS and a Hungarian group made up of MOL Nyrt’s Slovnaft and state-owned electricity producer MVM said they sent letters of interest in Enel’s two-thirds stake in Slovenske.
 IndCor would have been the fifth real estate IPO of a Blackstone-owned company since October 2013, when Brixmor Property Group Inc, the second-largest US.
 Brixmor was followed by last November’s IPO of Extended Stay America Inc, a lodging company part-owned by Blackstone.
 The job is to manage the transition in the least painful way” Shares in PLDT, partly owned by Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp.
 Purchases of previously owned homes unexpectedly rose in October to a one-year high, while fewer Americans filed for unemployment benefits in the previous week.
 BNSF, owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, raised its capital spending plan to $55 billion from about $39 billion in 2013 to alleviate congestion, and will top that with investment of $6 billion next year.
 Nine out of the 10 most-owned options are bearish, and the cost of contracts with an exercise price 10 percent below the shares reached an all-time high versus calls on Nov.
 M,” described it as being one of the world’s 500 biggest corporations and as having a wholly owned subsidiary established in Beijing in 1995 -- details that match Microsoft.
 owned 1023 million shares in the SPDR Gold Trust, a government filing showed today.
 Altor Equity Partners, a private equity fund that had owned OW Bunker since 2007 until its IPO, said it is “deeply disturbed” by the revelations of fraud.
 “Since being informed of the situation, the board has done all it can to try to protect what was, before the breaches mentioned in the company’s release, a very sound business” At Carnegie, which is 68 percent owned by Altor, the view is that the bank is “just as much a spectator to this as anyone else,” spokesman Rickard Buch said.
 Rival EE Ltd, co-owned by Orange and Deutsche Telekom, added a TV service last month, and BT and Liberty Global Plc’s Virgin Media also offer bundled service packages.
 Guangzhou Shipyard plans to issue 272 million shares to buy Huangpu Wenchong from their mutual parent, state-owned China State Shipbuilding Corp, the Guangzhou-based company said in a stock exchange filing Oct.
 The privately owned lender operating in the capital region plans to sell Tier 2 subordinated bonds maturing in 105 years at between 16 percent and 17 percent, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified as the information is private.
 Saudi Arabia typically sells stakes in state-owned companies to the public at below market value as part of efforts to redistribute the country’s wealth.
 Chief Executive Officer Roberto Setubal, 60, is boosting lending margins and banking fees as competition from state-owned competitors fades.
 While a senior Treasury official said in a later speech that the department is hoping to jumpstart sales by getting investors and issuers to come together to create a big benchmark offering, Grady said another problem has been the government’s practice of involving modifications of mortgages owned by investors in settlements with banks and loan servicers.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Freddie Mac, the US-owned mortgage financier, will return $28 billion to the Treasury Department next month, bringing its total payments to about $20 billion above what it got in aid after the 2008 credit crisis.
 Shares of PT Pembangunan Perumahan and PT Waskita Karya, the second- and third-largest state-owned construction companies by market value, have surged more than 150 percent as investors bet Jokowi’s infrastructure drive will boost earnings.
 Some of the 130 commercial boreholes that LWSC pumps water from to supply the city of about three million people will be switched off to protect equipment, the state-owned company said in an e-mailed statement.
 Though the Internet data proposal is off the table, the government has left in place several levies that primarily hit foreign-owned corporations, such as an ad tax that Luxembourg-based broadcaster RTL says will wipe out its Hungarian profits.
 The same year, the government imposed a special levy on large retailers - - most of which are foreign-owned.
 His track record so far indicates Orban will “continue to pursue unorthodox and targeted revenue-raising measures at the expense of the foreign-owned corporate sector,” Lucas Dos Santos, an analyst at Business Monitor International in London, said in an e-mail.
 Majority-owned by Europe’s largest media company, Bertelsmann SE, RTL became Hungary’s first private TV broadcaster in 1997.
 Vale also said today it approved the consolidation of two fully owned subsidiaries, Sociedade de Mineracao Constelacao de Apolo SA and Vale Mina do Azul SA, as part of a process to simplify its corporate structure.
 for cash, a Miami television station and Berkshire stock that Graham owned.
 “Whether at our company owned or franchisee-owned restaurants, the safety and well-being of our customers and employees is of the utmost importance, and we strive to provide a safe environment in our restaurants,” Hickey said.
 “In a massive volatility spike, much of that may need to be covered quickly” Still, hedge funds owned more positions betting on higher volatility than lower volatility through the end of the month.
 20 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railway Co, the railroad owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, plans to spend a record $6 billion next year to help speed trains and improve service crimped by surging grain and oil shipments.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Renaissance Capital, the Russian brokerage owned by billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, hired Dmitry Gladkov as managing director and head of debt capital market products.
 “Most of the reschedulings and debt workouts were viewed to be extremely complicated to begin with, but got much easier as time went by” Amlak, partly owned by Emaar Properties PJSC, brings to at least seven the entities that have been reorganized since holding company Dubai World roiled markets in 2009 when it sought a debt standstill on more than $25 billion.
 The government and Dubai Group LLC, another state-owned holding company, rescheduled their liabilities earlier this year, while Dubai World, Nakheel PJSC, Limitless LLC, Dubai International Capital LLC and Zabeel Investments also sought to revise arrangements with their creditors.
 “Given Dubai’s property sector is doing well, given improved sentiment and the fact it’s owned by Emaar, they’ve been able to finalize the restructuring” Emaar, developer of the Burj Khalifa tower in Dubai, the world’s tallest skyscraper, owns 45 percent of Amlak, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Dubai Group, an investment company owned by the emirate’s ruler, said in January it reached a final agreement with lenders on restructuring $6 billion in debt after three years of talks.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- BNSF Railway Co, the carrier owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, is blocking some shippers from adding tank cars to its system in a bid to prevent a worsening of the gridlock that sparked regulators’ ire.
 22 and owned 59 percent of Samsung Heavy as of December, according to earnings statements.
 The Viennese banker led Creditanstalt’s push into Europe when it was still mostly state-owned, after being nationalized following its insolvency during the Great Depression.
 RRJ will have the right to transfer a portion of the $1 billion in notes it’s buying to Temasek Holdings Pte, Singapore’s state-owned investment company.
 Bolstering the strength of the 26 state-owned banks may give them more scope to reverse a slowdown in credit growth, supporting Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s efforts to drive an economic revival.
 Singles’ Day, a Chinese twist on Valentine’s Day, was invented by students in the 1990s, according to the Communist Party-owned People’s Daily.
 Foxtel is half-owned by Telstra Corp, Australia’s largest phone company, and News Corp.
 Steinhoff is buying a 525 percent stake in Pepkor owned by Titan Premier Investments Proprietary Ltd, controlled by Wiese, and another 371 percent from Brait Mauritius Ltd.
 The company is 70 percent owned by China Citic Bank Corp, with the rest held by Spain’s Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA.
 continues to be mixed to better whereas in other places it’s mixed to worse” Purchases of previously owned US.
 Sandell, which has about $1 billion in assets under management, owned 013 percent of TransCanada shares as of Sept.
 Workers at the mine owned by BHP Billiton Ltd.
 Anbang’s shareholders include state-owned Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp, according to the Beijing Administration for Industry and Commerce’s corporate information database.
 “And they’re finding it disturbing” Restaurant Subscriptions Controversy hasn’t slowed business at Tabelog, which is owned by Kakakucom Inc.
 “In the end, we’ll be left with nothing but the same, predetermined dishes” Michelin Stars Tabelog gives people the opportunity to critique even world-renowned restaurants.
 Marketfield Asset Management, owned in part by Aronstein and Shaoul, continues to manage the fund as a subadviser.
 “If we continue to get solid data, and warnings that inflation could be picking up, particularly with respect to labor costs, we’ll probably see the markets get ahead of the Fed” Treasuries pared gains after data showed purchases of previously owned US.
 Exports are leading a gradual acceleration in Vietnam’s economy, a counterpoint to the struggles of the banking industry and state-owned enterprises whose bad debts have damped domestic spending in recent years.
 Sometimes the company, which is partially owned by Vietnam National Textile & Garment Group, ships rush orders of creased suits on hangers to boutique shops in Australia and the US, he said.
 The head of Saudi Arabia’s state-owned oil company said in May that the country is looking at investing in the renewable energy source.
 State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil, known as Saudi Aramco, lowered the premium for Arab Light crude relative to US.
 The company is renowned for its stealth in acquiring large positions in promising new drilling areas well before their potential is recognized by the broader market, said Ed Hirs, who teaches courses on energy economics at the University of Houston.
 Financial Revenue Signum provides market analysis to clients, including Punto Casa de Bolsa, a brokerage owned by Grupo Salinas.
 Byrider is just one of a crop of private-equity owned new entrants to the $1782 billion market for bonds tied to car loans.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s state-owned power utility asked its largest customers to reduce usage by 10 percent for five hours as rolling blackouts escalated across the country.
 as the utility also requested its largest customers, including units owned by Anglo American Plc and ArcelorMittal, to reduce consumption by 10 percent between 3 pm.
 “One way to do that is through the generation of energy with projects of diverse sources, such as hydroelectric and wind” Mexico’s state-owned utility, Comision Federal de Electricidad, controls more than three-fourths of the nation’s power supply, according to the US.
 SeaWorld, which had been owned by the private-equity firm Blackstone Group LP, went public in April 2013, selling shares at $27 each.
 The 132,000 contiguous acres owned by the trust lie southwest of San Antonio at the heart of the Eagle Ford.
 We want Bordeaux to be affordable luxury” Lioaning Energy Investment, the Chinese state-owned energy group which acquired Clos des Quatre Vents and other Bordeaux vineyards this year, is taking a long view.
 Chief Executive Officer Claus-Dietrich Lahrs has been adding to the number of company-owned stores intended to showcase its apparel.
 It owned shares in 42 companies at the end of the quarter and seven of them were new, according to the filing.
 Jiangsu Golden Concord is owned by a discretionary trust whose beneficiaries include Hong Kong-based GCL-Poly’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Zhu Gongshan and his son, Executive Director Zhu Yufeng.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- The flooding of a mine owned by the world’s biggest potash producer is confirmation for BHP Billiton Ltd’s Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mackenzie of the wisdom of his company’s planned move into the industry.
 Goldman Sachs traded financial products tied to uranium while it owned the physical business, and Nufcor benefited from the bank’s cheaper funding costs than commercial competitors, according to the report.
 Altice SA and its unit Numericable Group, both owned by billionaire cable billionaire Patrick Drahi, agreed in April to buy SFR from Vivendi for $23 billion.
 After a couple of years, they’ll get more profit from the same customers” Three of the four most-owned SAP contracts were bearish.
 In North America, Veterinary Pet Insurance Co, a subsidiary of policyholder-owned Nationwide, traces its roots to 1982 when it covered a dog playing Lassie on television.
 It may also accelerate the pace at which the state recoups its 21 billion-euro rescue of Allied Irish Banks Plc, Ireland’s largest taxpayer-owned lender, and return to dividends, unheard of in Ireland since 2008, Callaghan said.
 Even government-owned Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc, considering a share sale to help fill a capital hole after it was the only Irish lender to fail the ECB review, may be seen by potential investors as a opportunity to profit from its 41 billion euros of provisions, Callaghan said.
 An “order of designations” requiring carriers to be more than 50 percent Ukraine-owned and offer domestic flights along with international ones can be satisfied only by flag-carrier Ukraine International Airlines, the Kiev-based unit said today.
 At one point, JPMorgan owned or had rights to the output of 31 power plants nationally and 18 in California.
 Brait, about 35 percent owned by South African billionaire Christo Wiese, will get 15 billion rand in cash from the sale, with the rest in Steinhoff shares.
 Messages left late yesterday with the presidency, cities ministry and state-owned bank Caixa Economica Federal for comment on the housing program weren’t returned.
 Held at the Crandon Park Tennis Center on Key Biscayne, the two-week Miami Open -- a combined event for the top players on both the men’s and women’s tennis tours -- is owned and operated by talent agency IMG Worldwide Inc.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will let borrowers who have gone through foreclosure buy back their homes at market prices under a policy shift announced by the regulator for the two US-owned companies.
 FHFA previously required borrowers who went through foreclosure to pay the outstanding mortgage balance before they could retake possession of homes owned by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, even though anyone else could pay the current market price.
 26 (Bloomberg) –- ConocoPhillips Petrozuata BV asked a Texas judge to let it investigate claims Venezuela’s state-owned oil company is secretly liquidating US.
 phone monopoly, entered talks to buy either Telefonica SA’s O2 unit or EE, the wireless carrier co-owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, two of the people said.
 wind farms worth $650 million owned by the German utility EON SE.
 The projects bring the total renewable capacity owned by Enbridge to more than 16 gigawatts.
 The hedge fund firm, which is majority owned by Carlyle Group Inc, is facing $19 billion in redemptions for the end of the year, according to the people, who asked not to be named because Claren Road is private.
 About 90 percent of the bidders for the government-owned apartments and stores on offer were Chinese, according to Jorge Oliveira, the official overseeing the asset sale.
 Lisbon city council and state-owned companies are selling apartments, ground-floor retail space and even entire buildings in prime locations to raise money to repay their debts.
 It joins the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, a voluntary program set up in 2003 under which resource companies disclose payments, taxes and license fees paid to governments and state-owned enterprises in member countries, the Amsterdam-based firm said today in an e-mailed statement.
 Trafigura will disclose payments it makes to governments and state-owned enterprises for purchasing oil, Andrew Gowers, a spokesman for the company, said by phone.
 The operator, co-owned by Norway’s Telenor ASA (TEL), is seekingto reduce its $277 billion debt, which resulted fromacquisitions of Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris’s assetsabout three years ago.
 Dunkin’ Donuts, owned by Canton, Massachusetts-based Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc, also is selling new steak sandwiches and wraps, as well as a croissant-doughnut hybrid.
 After selling state-owned generation plants, the government had to intervene with a $13 billion industry bailout in September, while demand still far outstrips supply, according to Power Ministry figures.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 Areva, about 87 percent owned by the French state, has been racking up losses in recent years after the Fukushima explosion in 2011 prompted nuclear plant closures in Japan and Germany, while the use of shale gas soared in the US.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- ABN Amro Group NV, the state-owned Dutch lender preparing for a share sale next year, will cut as many as 1,000 jobs by 2018 and shrink its branch network as customers move to banking on their phones.
 Nevsun has a 60 percent shareholding in Bisha Mining Share Co, while the Eritrean government holds the remaining stake through the state-owned Eritrean National Mining Corp.
 The indigenization law requires foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to cede or sell a 51 percent stake to black nationals or the country’s National Economic Empowerment Board.
 The oil field owned by Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
 Competitor Telecel processed $17 million of business and state-owned Net One $13 million, according to figures from the central bank.
 Distributed solar will look different in China, where land is state-owned and single-family houses are still relatively rare.
 The state-owned producer, known as Saudi Aramco, will sell Arab Light to clients in Asia for 10 cents less than Middle East benchmarks, down from a November discount of $105.
 The 1,521 objects including fine art, furnishings and jewelry owned by Mellon, who died in March at the age of 103, were offered in three sales over five days that ended yesterday.
 Safaricom, which is 40 percent owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Plc, is the largest company by market value in Kenya, East Africa’s biggest economy.
 of Australia holds 15 percent and the rest is owned by Petrosen, the national oil company.
 Sulzer’s largest shareholder is Vekselberg, who owned a 33 percent stake through his Renova Group as of Oct.
 “Investors will be happy about it” Nestle has owned Davigel since it bought the unit’s parent company, pasta and pizza maker Buitoni in the late 1980s.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Virgin America Inc, the seven-year-old airline partially owned by UK.
 investigation into the cause of a crash by a spacecraft owned by Branson’s Virgin Galactic Ltd.
 13 when it may select a presidential candidate, state-owned ZNBC TV reported on Nov.
 The site, owned by producers including BHP Billiton Ltd, will return to normal operations next week as a three-week walkout ends.
 Slow Development Tongzhou, 60 percent owned by Houston and Paris-based Schlumberger and 40 percent owned by Anton, has participated in some oilfield-services projects in China and may earn revenue of $20 million this year, Wang said.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Massmart Holdings Ltd, the South African food and goods wholesaler owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, said sales rose as consumers spent more on building supplies, boosted by higher prices.
 That is what the draft coalition agreement isabout” Meanwhile, the self-styled Donetsk People’s Republic saidit will ship debris from the downed Malaysia Air (MAS) liner toKharkiv tomorrow at 10 am.
 It is 49 percent owned by Keppel Corp, a maker of offshore oil rigs whose largest shareholder is Temasek, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
 “We do oppose imports which could have a detrimental impact on national manufacturing capacity and capability” Burgan is 70 percent owned by terminal operator VTTI BV, a joint venture of energy trader Vitol SA and Malaysian shipping company MISC Bhd.
 State-owned PetroSA is planning a 300,000-barrel-a-day Mthombo refinery to meet future demand.
 EE, the joint venture owned by Deutsche Telekom AG and Orange SA, is the other provider, a person familiar with the talks said.
 Hope Dairies will be 70-percent owned by Rinehart, Jason Morrison, a spokesman for Hancock Prospecting, said today in a Bloomberg Television interview.
 A company controlled by Ellison, which once owned 93 percent of K12, listed no shares at the end of 2009, securities filings show.
 Knowledge Universe and other companies controlled by the Milken brothers once owned a 19 percent stake in K12.
 The Cerrejon venture - owned by BHP Billiton Plc, Anglo American Plc and Glencore Plc - is in relocation talks with residents of Las Casitas, where dust is approaching levels set by the World Bank, Vice-President of Public Affairs Juan Carlos Restrepo said in a telephone interview.
 The acquisition will take place after Salinas closes a deal to buy the 50 percent of Iusacell owned by Grupo Televisa SAB, AT&T said in a statement.
 Piccadilly Lights has displayed advertising for more than 100 years and has been owned by Land Securities since the 1970s.
 1 maker of the alloy and state-owned Steel Authority of India Ltd.
 Demand for fuel cells may eventually lead to the creation of a new industry in South Africa, which has the world’s biggest known platinum reserves and whose cash-strapped, state-owned electricity utility is struggling to meet demand.
 Its constituents have an average market value of $36 billion and financial and industrial companies account for half the index, led by state-owned PetroChina Co.
 Of the 40 companies in the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index, more than half are state-owned, with banks and energy companies making up the biggest weightings.
 30 after a series of high-profile withdrawals by state-owned companies.
 The Securities and Exchange Commission rules to be voted ontomorrow will cover the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York StockExchange and venues operated by Bats Global Markets Inc, aswell as dark pools including those owned by Credit Suisse GroupAG (CSGN) and UBS AG.
 Nestle owned the PowerBar sports nutrition brand for 14 years and Jenny Craig weight-loss services for seven before selling them after struggling to gain traction.
 This crisis points to the need to consider structural changes to the power market and greater opportunities for private players” South Africa will raise at least 20 billion rand ($18 billion) by selling shares in listed companies, stakes in state-owned entities and real estate to finance a bailout for Eskom, which has to plug a 225 billion-rand cashflow gap over the five years through March 2018, the National Treasury said last month.
 The scourge facing Hollywood, Silicon Valley and investors costs the global economy as much as $575 billion annually, according to a study published in June by McAfee, a security-software maker owned by Intel Corp, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
 Fidelity Investments, the mutual fund company that’s also based in Boston, owned 67 million shares.
 Companies including Edita Food Industries SAE, a snacks maker part-owned by London-based buyout firm Actis LLP, and Etisalat Misr SAE, the Egyptian unit of Emirates Telecommunications Corp.
 “They hold hundreds of state-owned companies including massive banks and oil companies, while most of Internet and e-commerce companies are excluded” Asset managers have pulled $607 million from emerging-market focused equity ETFs in the US.
 All businesses will remain within UBS AG, which in turn will be owned by UBS Group.
 Taco Bell, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, began selling breakfast items nationwide earlier this year and recently introduced a new mobile-phone application.
 Analysts had estimated declines of 2 percent for Europe and 61 percent for Asia, according to Consensus Metrix, owned by Wayne, New Jersey-based Kaul Advisory Group.
 State-owned companies Nuclearelectrica SA and Electrica SA said they may bid for the Romanian assets.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- A strong tremor in the eastern Czech Republic killed three miners when they were caught underground in a coal shaft owned by OKD AS, a subsidiary of New World Resources Plc, the company said.
 Competitors including Hardee’s and KFC, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, already have locations in Kazakhstan.
 “The issue of defense-owned spectrum has been going on forsix to seven years and it is crucial that it is resolved,” saidHarit Shah, Mumbai-based analyst at Karvy Stock Broking Ltd“World over, defense has vacated spectrum for commercial useand it is needed here as well” Sitanshu Kar, the New Delhi-based spokesman at the Ministryof Defense, declined to comment, while K.
 26 ended speculation that a victory by an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 from among 33 bidders that expressed interest in the nation’s largest municipally owned natural-gas utility, which serves 500,000 customers.
 DP World and EZW are both units of Ports & Free Zone World FZE, which is owned by Dubai World.
 Dubai World, one of the Middle East business hub’s three main state-owned holding companies, sought a standstill on about $26 billion of debt in 2009.
 Home Capital forecasts the trend will continue as the Bank of Canada and finance department seek to limit taxpayer exposure to a drop in home values through Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp, the nation’s government-owned mortgage insurer.
 The privately-owned bank is leading the way in opening up a new source of funding for lenders and aligning employees’ interests with share performance.
 Government Ban China’s leadership has pledged to improve incentives at state-owned enterprises, reduce state ownership and hire more top executives from outside government as part of efforts to sustain growth by moving to a more market-driven economy.
 State-owned firms are banned from selling new shares in a private placement at a price lower than their book value for the most recent audited period.
 to take over the project stake owned by Tullow and the 15 percent interest held by Itochu, said Katali, the energy minister.
 that have been points of tension with China: support for state-owned enterprises, cybertheft of trade secrets, the pursuit of geographical spheres of influence abroad and domestic repression at home.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- APM Terminals BV, the port operator owned by AP Moeller-Maersk A/S, wants to buy more ports in Turkey, a market where container volumes are growing twice as fast as the economy.
 Petkim, owned by State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic, and APM Terminals are together investing as much as $450 million in the APM port, which will have an annual container handling capacity of 13 million twenty-foot equivalent units, or TEU, Larsen said.
 The transaction will be Citic’s first acquisition since its government-backed parent moved the majority of Citic Group’s assets from Beijing to Hong Kong in August in an effort to encourage more overseas investments and boost the financial performance of state-owned enterprises.
 12, a day after Sata’s burial, state-owned Zambia National Broadcasting Corp.
 19, about 232 million shares were tendered, which along with the 171 million shares already owned by BGC represents about 317 percent of GFI’s outstanding shares, the New York-based firm said today in a statement.
 Yesterday Obama and Jeter were part of a foursome that golfed at Shadow Creek owned by MGM Resorts International, which ferries high-roller casino guests to the course in private limousines.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Net premiums for the company that’s 40 percent owned by the Ghanaian government advanced to 481 million cedis from 462 million cedis a year ago.
 Maxx, the budget-apparel chain owned by TJX Cos, has plenty of Christmas colors on its site, though no Black Friday mentions.
 “They’re playing a perilous game with some of their methods” Monaco Vote Doha’s promise at the IAAF vote in Monaco was to guarantee $30 million in sponsorship over five years from an unidentified bank as well as $45 million in merchandise sales and $25 million in media rights from Qatar-owned broadcaster beIN Sports, according to a copy of a two-page letter given to voters.
 Local Demand Non-Russians working in the country are also opting to buy iPhones locally, whereas previously they bought them when visiting their homelands, said Alexander Malis, chief executive officer of Euroset, a handset retailer co-owned by mobile-phone operators OAO MegaFon and VimpelCom Ltd.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- FlyDubai, the Dubai government-owned budget carrier, raised $500 million from its debut bond sale, according to three people with knowledge of the deal.
 Shopping Pre-orders Singles’ Day, a Chinese twist on Valentine’s Day, was invented by students in the 1990s, according to the Communist Party-owned People’s Daily.
 “This is a company that hasnot been renowned for above average organic growth.
 The trend got a boost last year when Asda, owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, joined in with discounts on goods like TVs and gaming consoles, Roberts said.
 Marks & Spencer is discounting coats and fleeces by as much as 30 percent, while Topshop, owned by billionaire Philip Green, has cut the price of warm clothing by as much as 50 percent.
 The government typically sells stakes in state-owned companies to the public at below market value as part of efforts to redistribute the country’s wealth.
 Eight of the 10 most-owned contracts on the utilities ETF are bearish.
 and Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group surged in Shanghai after announcing they would merge in the latest sign the city government is pushing ahead with reforms of state-owned enterprises involved in media.
 Vivaldi, currently deputy chief executive officer of Yapi ve Kredi Bankasi AS, the Turkish bank part-owned by UniCredit, starts Feb.
 Ormat’s majority-owned Kenya unit will build and operate the Menengai power plant, according to a statement today from the Reno, Nevada-based company.
 The assets, owned by Sacyr’s Vallehermoso Division Promocion unit, include land and unfinished property developments, according to a regulatory filing today.
 While that’s a fraction of the 5 million barrels pumped by state-owned OAO Rosneft, it’s made Irkutsk Oil one of the industry’s most sought after companies, said Alexander Nazarov, an analyst at OAO Gazprombank.
 Managers at the Guangxi and Liuzhou units of Sinotrans & CSC Holdings Co, an unlisted state-owned company that is the parent of Sinotrans, were being probed by authorities on suspicion of helping clients reuse goods as collateral to get loans, Chinese-language Yicaicom reported, citing unidentified people.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Amazoncom Inc, the world’s biggest online retailer, leased 470,000 square feet (44,000 square meters) at a midtown Manhattan property owned by Vornado Realty Trust that’s across the street from the Empire State Building.
 American Tower owned about 70,000 mobile towers globally before the announcement of the two deals.
 and Abu Dhabi-owned Borealis AG, which has stated it aims to grow its fertilizer business.
 Conditions for any deal with Tim, Brazil’s second-largestmobile-phone company that’s 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia,include access to Oi’s financial accounts and that Tim wouldhave a controlling stake in any enlarged entity, people familiarwith the matter have said.
 Safaricom, which is 40 percent-owned by Newbury, England-based Vodafone Plc, has climbed 12 percent this year, underperforming an 18 percent increase in the FTSE NSE 25-Share Index.
 It’s next to Anglo American Platinum Holdings Ltd’s Mogalakwena mine, the biggest and most profitable mine owned by the world’s largest producer.
 The rubbish collector couldn’t pay his fine and was sentenced to one day in prison for each 200 baht owned, which left him facing a 667-day jail term, according to the newspaper.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Salamander Energy Plc fell the most in six years in London after Cia Espanola de Petroleo SAU, a Spanish refiner and oil producer owned by Abu Dhabi, said it won’t make an offer for the UK.
 The company, which is about 87 percent owned by the publicsector, cut its 2014 forecast in August, when it predicted a 10percent decrease in organic revenue, and margin for earningsbefore interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of about 7percent of revenue.
 Early signs of trouble at GT Advanced emerged in August when the company disclosed in its quarterly earnings that it had “incurred significant costs” during the first six months of this year as it worked to convert an Apple-owned factory in Mesa, Arizona, to produce sapphire.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Prudential Plc is buying Chinese state-owned industrial companies on bets that government steps to boost their efficiency will pay off.
 State Companies State-owned Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology Co.
 Daqin Railway Co, a unit of state-owned China Railway Corp, is valued at 96 times projected profit even after surging 54 percent over the past five months.
 China’s National Development and Reform Commission will release documents detailing changes for state-owned enterprises by year-end, China Securities Journal reported this month, citing people familiar with the matter.
 The government said in April it will open 80 projects in industries dominated by state-owned entities to private capital amid a push to give markets a bigger role in the allocation of resources.
 Prism will be wholly owned by Internet Patents, according to the statement.
 Interior Department, is responsible for the leasing and oversight of about 570 million acres of coal country owned by the federal government.
 “More than 40 percent of all the coal mined in the United States is owned by US.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 14, when Commissioner Igor Romario de Paula said police found “strong evidence” that at least seven builders formed a cartel to win public contracts, including a combined 59 billion reais ($23 billion) in orders from state-owned oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA.
 Spartak is owned by Leonid Fedun, who was worth $44 billion as of Sept.
 In 2013, Magnit’s revenue overtook that of X5 Retail Group NV, which is 22 percent owned by oil and telecommunications billionaire Mikhail Fridman.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Christie’s raised $150 million, the most ever for a jewelry auction, as it sold part of the French crown jewels and a Cartier bangle formerly owned by the Duchess of Windsor.
 The royal theme continues today as competitor Sotheby’s offers a diamond pendant that Britain’s Queen Victoria gave her granddaughter and a pearl necklace that may have belonged to Napoleon Bonaparte’s first wife, Josephine de Beauharnais, and was owned later in the 1800s by the queen of Sweden and Norway.
 ICA is working with Petroleos Mexicanos to develop the onshore field of Chicontepec as well as several drilling and production platforms for the state-owned operator, he said.
 The South African government wants more of the country’s raw materials processed locally by black-owned companies in a system known as beneficiation.
 They’ll be competing with companies such as Vevo LLC, owned by record labels.
 Closely held Vice, based in New York, has investors including Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc, Technology Crossover Ventures and A+E Networks, owned by Walt Disney Co.
 Conditions for any deal with Tim, Brazil’s second-largest mobile-phone company that’s 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia, include access to Oi’s financial accounts and that Tim would have a controlling stake in any enlarged entity, the people said.
 Once completed in the second quarter, power from the project will be sold to Jordan’s state-owned National Electric Power Co.
 Tiger Air, 40 percent owned by Singapore Air, said Oct.
 BlueSpruce owned 56,707 BlackRock shares valued at $181 million at the end of June, filings show.
 are sharing research with state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos as the government seeks $50 billion in private investment mostly in undeveloped deepwater offshore fields and onshore shale by 2018.
 Fairholme owned about 11 million Genworth shares at the end of June.
 LNG Canada, 50 percent owned by Shell, today said it submitted plans for its proposed liquefaction terminal in Kitimat, British Columbia, to the province for a 180-day environmental review.
 Within Record The most-owned DAX contracts were calls betting the benchmark gauge will rally to 10,000 by the time they expire next month, taking the index to within 03 percent of its record reached in July.
 Securities and Exchange Commission voted unanimously yesterday to approve rules that will cover the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange and venues operated by Bats Global Markets Inc, as well as dark pools including those owned by Credit Suisse Group AG and UBS AG.
 The most-owned option on the gauge was a $55 call expiring in January.
 State-owned enterprises, real estate developers and local government investment platforms will be able to tap new loans at lower rates to refinance existing borrowing and fund new projects, he wrote.
 Smallest Portion Partners collectively owned about 85 percent of the firm’sstock as of Aug.
 George Soros’s fund owned 44 million shares that had a market value of $3909 million, while Leon Cooperman’s Omega Advisors Inc.
 The growing importance of bar tabs and nightlife was on display one recent Tuesday evening at Drai’s Nightclub atop the Cromwell hotel, a newly refurbished Las Vegas Strip property owned by Caesars.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Telekom Austria AG, the European phone company majority-owned by Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB, raised 997 million euros ($124 billion) in a share sale that will see its owners keep a tight grip on the group.
 19 (Bloomberg) -- Glencore Plc and hedge fund Red Kite were among firms joining in “merry-go-round” deals that led to aluminum-warehouse bottlenecks and drove up storage fees at sites owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc, a US.
 The company, which owned the Deepwater Horizon rig that exploded in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, fought with billionaire investor Carl Icahn, who said it should issue big dividends after it recovered from the oil spill.
 Kotak Mahindra is in the final stages of acquiring ING Vysya, which is 427 percent owned by ING Groep NV, broadcaster ET Now reported yesterday, citing people it didn’t identify.
 “It is totally unacceptable for this CN-owned infrastructure to mar the majestic beauty of the Quebec City area and the St.
 Chinese Tourists An October report by real estate services company Savills Plc found spending has merely shifted from occupied areas to other locations, including Wharf Holdings Ltd’s Times Square in Causeway Bay and Cityplaza, a shopping mall owned by Swire Properties Ltd.
 The Grand Hyatt Hotel, owned by New World Group, said occupancy in October was down slightly from last year, though room rates were a little higher, and food and beverage sales remained strong thanks to business generated by trade shows at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Center next door.
 The brains behind IHOP’s 2007 acquisition of Applebee’s, Stewart has increased margins and improved profitability by transforming the two core brands into almost entirely franchisee-owned chains.
 The state-ownedcarrier added eight new destinations in 2014, including Bostonand Chicago, as it challenges American and European carriersthat have dominated the trans-Atlantic scene for decades.
 The average occupancy rate for residential properties owned by Japanese real estate investment trusts in the Tokyo prefecture was 963 percent in the second quarter, having stayed higher than 95 percent since the third quarter of 2010.
 It owned shares in 43 companies at the end of the quarter and nine of them were new, according to the filing.
 Virgin America Inc, the seven-year-old airline partially owned by billionaire Richard Branson and its employees will raise as much as $320 million in an initial public offering, valuing the company at about $1 billion at the top of the range.
 Dish dropped several channels owned by Time Warner Inc’s Turner Broadcasting last month, including Cartoon Network and CNN.
 Chief Executive Officer Andrew Thorburn said last month it was an “absolute priority” for the bank to exit the UK, where it has owned Scotland’s Clydesdale Bank and Yorkshire Bank since 1987.
 Obama is taking to the links today at the Shadow Creek GolfCourse, owned by MGM Resorts International (MGM) and built in NorthLas Vegas by casino magnate Steve Wynn.
 Standard Chartered said three-quarters of the $400 million in cost savings in 2015 will come from its retail, corporate and institutional units, with the remainder coming from “support functions” Singapore’s state-owned Temasek Holdings Pte.
 The 67 percent state-owned operator also began talks with companies including OMV with interests in the Barents Sea to study the potential for a combined development with other fields, including a new onshore oil terminal at North Cape.
 The Shanghai Composite Index rose 14 percent to a three-year high amid speculation the government will extend cuts in interest rates and accelerate state-owned enterprise reform to support the economy.
 Logistics contractors such as Pacific Architects & Engineers Inc, owned by New York-based private equity firm Lindsay Goldberg & Co, and international development firms such as the Australian company Coffey International Ltd.
 27 (Bloomberg) -- BP Plc’s South African unit sold a 25 percent stake in the business to two black-owned partners that will give the new investors voting rights in the oil producer’s local operations.
 The group also includes a black-owned and managed private equity firm, according to BP Southern Africa.
 Minsheng Investment is the first national privately-owned investment company focusing on private equity and asset management.
 phone company has been eyeing options for growth and is in preliminary talks to buy either Telefonica SA’s O2 unit or EE, the joint venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG.
 It holds 885 percent of the project with the remainder owned by Vancouver-based B2Gold Corp.
 Units of Capital Group, based in Los Angeles, California, owned about $15 million of the taxable debt and $13 million of the tax-exempt securities as of Sept.
 BlackRock Holdings BlackRock, the world’s largest money manager, owned $36 million of the tax-exempt bonds as of Sept.
 Limited Access Instead, the CEO had to drop a plan to offer open access at the 60 locations owned by his Bad Arolsen, Germany-based H- Hotels AG out of concern for the possible legal costs of ignoring the court’s ruling.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- China’s stocks rose, sending the benchmark index to a three-year high, amid speculation the government will extend cuts in interest rates and accelerate state-owned enterprise reform to support the economy.
 State-owned Shanghai Jinjiang International Industrial Investment Co.
 CEO Van Riel owned 189,376 Fugro stock after Nov.
 after a contract dispute with the state-owned Chinese company, Communications and Information Technology Minister Debretsion Gebremichael said.
 Ethio Telecom, the state-owned monopoly provider, in July 2013 signed deals worth $16 billion with ZTE and China’s Huawei Technologies Co.
 Trafigura has joined the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, a voluntary program set up in 2003 under which resource companies disclose payments, taxes and license fees paid to foreign governments and state-owned enterprises.
 All counterparties of Vitol are subjected to strict scrutiny and due-diligence policies ensuring “that all payments to governments and government-owned entities are legitimate and in line with international anti-bribery and corruption legislation,” it said in a statement.
 The date was announced by acting President Guy Scott, who said that Sata’s Patriotic Front hasn’t decided who will stand as its candidate, state-owned ZNBC TV reported yesterday.
 Royal Bank typically claims about 40 percent of the annual investment-banking fees generated by Canada’s six bank-owned firms.
 Stop the Chop and elected officials also are appealing to New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, asking him to shut down the city-owned heliport.
 Norges Bank Investment Management, which runs the fund as part the central bank, owned 13 percent of global stocks at the end of last year.
 “Those that are against it feel they may be sold out by those that can generate an income from it” ‘Beautiful Landscapes’ On hills overlooking Lake George, 20 kilometers from Tarago, stands the Capital Wind Farm -- the Infigen Energy-owned project that Treasurer Hockey called “a blight” “We get some beautiful landscapes in Australia and frankly putting up those towers is just, to me, quite appalling,” Hockey told business leaders at a Bloomberg event in Sydney in September.
 18, President Xi Jinping oversaw the signing of a document that will showcase Chinese turbine technology at a windfarm project in Tasmania state majority-owned by Shenhua Group Corp.
 He owned a temporary employment agency at the time and recalled the pain inflicted on families.
 “We expect to see a shift of large deposits to the megabanks which, being government-owned, are viewed as stronger institutions” The government may cap coverage at 500,000 yuan ($81,000) and set different premium levels based on a bank’s regulatory rating under the plan, Economic Information Daily reported today, citing a person close to regulators.
 and its three largest state-owned peers held 43 percent of that total.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 “It’s impossible to find workers,” said Tim Stewart, 57, who has four unfilled jobs and is considering selling the 4,000-head ranch in Rockglen, Saskatchewan, that his family has owned since 1910.
 As of October, the company owned and managed 376 aircraft valued at over $10 billion on lease to airline customers in over 40 countries, according to SMBC Aviation’s website.
 include Teesside and Coryton, owned by Petroplus Holdings AG, which went bankrupt.
 Russian state-owned banks including Sberbank held 69 percent of Mechel’s $8 billion debt as of Sept.
 Seadrill and its 70 percent-owned subsidiary North Atlantic Drilling Ltd.
 The changes announced today by the government-owned finance firms specify when lenders would be asked to buy back flawed loans that were issued based on inaccurate data or misrepresentations of borrowers’ qualifications.
 It owned shares in 3,385 companies at the end of the quarter and 131 of them were new, according to the filing.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s state-owned power utility restarted rolling blackouts as it seeks to replenish contingency generation sources by the end of the weekend.
 It owned shares in 774 companies at the end of the quarter and 420 of them were new, according to the filing.
 paced gains among state-owned refiners.
 The announcement comes less than two weeks after state-owned ABN Amro Group NV said it will cut as many as 1,000 jobs by 2018 and shrink its branch network as customers move to banking on their phones.
 While Russia’s biggest state-owned companies, including OAO Rosneft, are lining up for government aid as they face debt redemptions, smaller companies are left on their own.
 “The rate of growth in production, a strong financialposition and export-earning potential in dollars are giving YPFa different or idiosyncratic price movement compared to otherLatin American state-owned oil companies,” Seaport’s Rochesaid.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 All three refiners are state-owned and were selling diesel at rates below cost.
 Hiria is wholly owned by Marsa, which provides financial leasing for vehicles and yachts in Canada and invests in iron- and nickel-mining operations in Indonesia, Philippines and Tanzania.
 “They take 10 percent of our rooms, ahead of Japanese clients such as Toyota and Honda,” says Somchai, whose hotel is owned by Land & Houses Pcl, Thailand’s biggest residential property developer.
 The firm, based in Bridgewater, New Jersey, manages $40 billion and is partly owned by Beverly, Massachusetts-based Affiliated Managers Group Inc.
 “This crisis points to the need to consider structural changes to the power market and greater opportunities for private players” South Africa will raise at least 20 billion rand ($18 billion) by selling shares in listed companies, stakes in state-owned entities and real estate to finance a bailout for Eskom, which has to plug a 225 billion-rand cashflow gap over the five years through March 2018, the National Treasury said last month.
 The president used a separate house owned by Hinojosa in2012, the year he won election and took office, AristeguiNoticias reported Nov.
 Of the multiple newly introduced strains, the most renowned comes from Costa Rica’s cocoa-producing rival to the south, Ecuador.
 Deep Pockets With 11 million subscribers, BSkyB -- 39 percent owned by Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox -- is by far the senior partner.
 Purchases of previously owned US.
 The country will have a “very marginal power supply surplus for next year, but that is being eaten into,” Cyprian Chitundu, managing director at state-owned electricity provider Zesco Ltd, said in an interview today during a conference in Lusaka, the capital.
 “The $16 billion that Yildiz had intended to use to pay for the acquisition remained almost entirely intact” Akbank, owned by Turkey’s second-largest group of companies, Haci Omer Sabanci Holding AS, provided $500 million for the acquisition, according to a statement from the bank today.
 New winners of the Bib Gourmand award include Parachute, a family-owned Korean-American establishment in the Avondale neighborhood, where diners are warned: “If you are grumpy, pouty, crabby or just plain mean, this may not be the place for you” The other new winners are: A10, Azzurra EnoTavola, Beatrix, Carriage House, the Dawson, Dusek’s (Board & Beer), Herb, Table, Donkey and Stick, Two, and Untitled.
 Agon, which will beam programming into Italy, is owned by entrepreneur Francesco Becchetti, who said he invested 40 million euros ($50 million) in studios in Tirana, Albania’s capital, where he employs about 500 people.
 stocks are still “somewhat under-loved and under-owned,” Marks said during a separate meeting with reporters.
 Oaktree in November agreed to set up an equally owned venture with government-backed China Cinda Asset Management Co.
 24 and would require carriers with bases there to be more than 50 percent locally owned and to offer domestic flights with international ones, the ministry said.
 The state-owned company, also known as Comac, signed an initial agreement with China Merchants Bank Ltd’s leasing unit, the planemaker said at at the Zhuhai Airshow in China today.
 It was the first time an aircraft was downed in the conflict zone in the past 20 years.
 Sinosteel Corp, a state-owned miningcompany, reported financial difficulties in September.
 business,” Sarah Lukashok, a spokeswoman for that bank that’s majority owned by the UK.
 “Our owned real estate adjacent to Aventura Mall, one of the largest and most successful malls in the country, provides a significant platform for shareholder value creation,” Jeff Stollenwerck, president of real estate for Sears, said in the statement.
 Hungary is seeking to start construction of the pipeline aimed at circumventing Ukraine within six months, Csaba Baji, head of state-owned MVM Zrt, which set up a joint venture with OAO Gazprom to build and operate the pipeline, said in an Oct.
 State-owned oil producer PT Pertamina sold the least since its 2011 debut.
 State-owned oil producer Pertamina sold $15 billion of US.
 Soviet Collapse The government gave most of the nation’s state-owned apartments to their residents after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
 Only one of these, state-owned energy giant China Petroleum & Chemical Corp, has started to commercially produce the fuel.
 The state-owned bank based in Hanover, Germany, set aside 474 million euros ($591 million) in the period through September from 478 million euros a year earlier, according to a presentation accompanying its interim report today.
 Altor Equity Partners, a private equity fund that had owned OW Bunker since 2007 until its IPO, said it is “deeply disturbed” by the revelations of fraud.
 At Carnegie, which is 68 percent owned by Altor, the view is that the bank is “just as much a spectator to this as anyone else,” spokesman Rickard Buch said.
 Alfa Bank, Russia’s largest privately-owned lender, raised $250 million by selling a subordinated bond yielding 95 percent on Nov.
 “They already know that Norway is important in terms of energy supplies, but it could strengthen that understanding” State-owned Cnooc and its Canadian subsidiary, Nexen Inc, are looking into buying seismic data from Norway covering an area of the Barents Sea, according to a Sept.
 Cnooc also became a partner of Norway’s fully state-owned company Petoro AS in an exploration license off Iceland’s shores last year.
 The acquisition will take place after Salinas closes a deal to buy the 50 percent of Iusacell owned by Grupo Televisa SAB, AT&T said yesterday in a statement.
 Horton’s total inventory of owned and optioned lots fell from 396,000 in 2006 to 108,700 in 2009 and grew back to 179,000 as of June 30.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Mediaset SpA, the broadcaster owned by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, posted a smaller-than-expected loss after cutting costs as Italy’s economic recovery failed to boost demand for advertising.
 subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell Plc, and US Airways Group Inc, owned by the American Airlines Group Inc, as customers last quarter.
 The monopoly fixed-line phone company, majority-owned by the government, has sent requests for proposals to local and international banks seeking to value the unit, the official said, asking not to be identified as the information is private.
 Outcry from eight lender groups made it ditch part of that plan and invite bids for profitable Oncor, 80 percent owned by the company’s regulated business.
 25 (Bloomberg) -- Nationwide Building Society, the UK’s biggest customer-owned lender, said first-half mortgage lending slumped 36 percent amid tougher competition among banks and a cooling housing market.
 Austria voided some 800 million euros of subordinated debt, including about 200 million euros of bonds owned by Deutsche Bank’s DWS unit, via a law enacted in July that overrode the Carinthian guarantees on those bonds.
 WeChat Competition Weibo had 167 million monthly active users in September, compared with 468 million on WeChat, the mobile messaging application owned by Tencent Holdings Ltd, China’s second-largest Internet company.
 Brokaw didn’t respond to follow-up requests for comment about Dickinson’s allegations or the decision by NBC, owned by Comcast Corp.
 While vehicles in the basic service are always owned by drivers, one option Uber is considering is making deals directly with automakers to improve the quality of the fleet, the company said.
 The British fixed-line carrier views EE, the venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, as its preferred merger partner because of its broad mobile spectrum and stable of high-paying customers, the people said, asking not to be identified discussing a private matter.
 Elliott owned about 13 percent of Kabel Deutschland as of April, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 The utility, owned by the Swedish state, said it wants to stop expanding its mines and focus more on renewables to cut its carbon footprint, which is Europe’s second-biggest behind RWE.
 Closing the country’s two biggest lignite plants could save 50 million tons of carbon emissions a year, according to Agora Energiewende, a researcher owned by Mercator Foundation and European Climate Foundation.
 Subramanian also cited data showing the shares are “underowned” and will benefit as a growing number of money managers seek dividend income.
 The central bank, based in Bern and Zurich, owned 4 percent fewer shares in the iPhone-maker on Sept.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Surging railroad tank-car orders at companies owned by billionaires Warren Buffett and Carl Icahn are defying an oil price drop that threatens to slow the US.
 October Swoon Greenbrier and Trinity both tumbled more than 10 percent in the month ended yesterday, while American Railcar, which is 56 percent owned by Icahn, fell 67 percent.
 Union Tank Car, owned by Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, doesn’t trade separately.
 Carriers including BNSF Railway Co, also owned by Buffett’s Berkshire, and CSX Corp.
 SpiceJet, majority owned by billionaire Kalanithi Maran, is shrinking its fleet and workforce and seeking investment in one of the world’s most expensive markets for airlines.
 “Any reference to hydraulic fracturing will have to be removed from those environmental management programs” Shell, Falcon Oil & Gas Ltd, a partner of Chevron, and Bundu Oil & Gas Exploration Pty Ltd, owned by Melbourne-based Challenger Energy, have applied to explore in the semi-desert region.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai Parks & Resorts, a company set up by state-owned Meraas Holding to develop a theme park in the emirate, will seek 253 billion dirhams ($690 million) in an initial public offering that starts on Nov.
 Al Habtoor Group LLC, owned by billionaire Khalef Al Habtoor, has hired banks to manage an IPO, two people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg yesterday.
 YU will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Micromax, a closely held company.
 Wall Street commodities businesses drew criticism in 2013 after beer makers complained that long wait times for metal deliveries from bank-owned warehouses had led to price spikes.
 Canadian newspapers, including the Globe and Mail and dailies owned by PostMedia Network Canada Corp, have begun charging for online access as advertising revenue declines.
 26 ended speculation that a victory for an opposition candidate would help to boost growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 Vimeo, owned by Barry Diller’s IAC/InterActiveCorp, makes most of its revenue from the 500,000-plus filmmakers who pay for access to its services, such as the captioning tools.
 Otter Media, co-owned by AT&T Inc.
 Patents developed for the SkyTel network and owned by Mobile Telecommunications Technologies LLC are valid and were infringed by Apple, a federal jury in Marshall, Texas, said late yesterday.
 Enel received non-binding offers for the Slovak utility stake from CEZ AS, the Czech Republic’s largest power maker, and a group made up of MOL Nyrt’s Slovnaft and the Hungarian state-owned electricity producer MVM.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- CNN, the cable news channel owned by Time Warner Inc, will stop broadcasting in Russia after a new law was passed that limits foreign ownership in media companies.
 The rest will be owned by the majority owner of Coca-Cola’s bottling partner in South Africa.
 Coca-Cola Sabco, which is 80 percent owned by Gutsche Family Investments, was advised by Nomura International and NLA.
 “Once this cash flow comes onstream and it is recognized in our share price, and if there is a different view from the government in terms of the priorities they have to continue to have state-owned enterprises versus privatizing them, I think that’s an opportunity that continues to be out there” Talks between CF and Yara fell apart amid pressure from Norwegian politicians to keep the combined company’s headquarters in Oslo, while maintaining the size of the government’s shareholding.
 State-owned Steel Authority of India Ltd.
 and about $159 million to senior lenders owned and controlled by Khosla, the co-founder of Sun Microsystems Inc.
 We believe Wall street is only starting to properly value the company” Southeastern owned 471 million shares of Broomfield, Colarado-based Level 3 worth $1568 million at the end of June, according to regulatory filings.
 “There are factors outside of our control, but as far as the bank goes, everyone is focused on achieving this stability” The Islamic bank, founded by followers of US-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, is under pressure from regulatory restrictions, withdrawals by government-owned companies and attacks from pro-government media.
 Supply chains are getting more and more professional and supply lines are being shortened” Owens-Illinois has adjusted operations to meet the needs of customers such as top beermakers, which can forecast their needs on an hourly basis, as well as the less-demanding requirements of the wine industry, which is characterized by smaller and often family-owned businesses, said Bouts The US.
 “We are not aiming for a big state-owned banking sector, though we do want a strong financial system in domestic hands” The government is also forcing banks to compensate borrowers with as much as 1 trillion forint ($41 billion) for lending practices deemed “unfair,” including for unilateral increases in loan interest rates.
 Sky Mexico is majority-owned by Mexican television giant Televisa.
 He has been “renowned for his intense focus on operational execution, strong balance sheet management and cash-flow generation,” Nick Heymann, an analyst at William Blair & Co, said yesterday in a research note.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Denizbank AS, the Turkish lender owned by Russia’s biggest bank, postponed a plan to sell as much as 750 million liras ($337 million) of asset-backed securities.
 “Unless the cost of issue was extremely favorable, it would be more meaningful for these guys to utilize their excess liquidity” Denizbank is owned by Moscow-based OAO Sberbank, one of several Russian lenders subject to international sanctions over Ukraine that limit its ability to raise funds.
 The 67 percent state-owned company has drilled 20 to 30 exploration wells a year in Norway since 2010, he said.
 Some terminals owned by Magellan Midstream Partners LP, have run out of diesel for a few hours to several days, Bruce Heine, spokesman for the Tulsa, Oklahoma-based company, said by e-mail yesterday.
 “Twitter has become a global company with an amazing global brand with hundreds of millions of users that love it every day” Rizvi Traverse Management LLC, which owned about 14 percent of Twitter as of May, supports Costolo and plans to hold the stock long-term, according to a person familiar with the plans.
 Minsheng, China’s first privately owned bank, will sell as many as 14 billion new shares to employees at a 10 percent discount to the closing price of its A-shares in Shanghai yesterday, a filing to the Hong Kong stock exchange shows.
 While the government released a trial plan in 2006 to let listed state-owned enterprises issue stock incentives to employees, the finance ministry in 2008 banned listed state-owned financial companies from doing so.
 Bank of Communications Co, the Chinese bank part-owned by HSBC Holdings Plc, said in August that it wants to offer stock incentives for management.
 “The industry right now is owned by the creditors not the shareholders,” Bristow said.
 Hulu LLC, owned by Walt Disney Co, 21st Century Fox Inc.
 13 (Bloomberg) -- An 862-carat ruby set a record auction price as Sotheby’s concluded a $95 million sale of jewelry last night in Geneva, including a pearl necklace probably once owned by Napoleon Bonaparte’s first wife.
 British billionaire jeweler Laurence Graff bid $86 million for the Graff Ruby, which he had previously owned, and he also spent $32 million on a 316-carat intense-blue diamond ring, the auction house said.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Altice SA, the cable holding company owned by billionaire Patrick Drahi, said it’s the “most natural buyer” for Bouygues SA’s telecommunications unit in France.
 Purchases of previously owned US.
 It will offer a basic package of 160 channels for 1,200 rubles a year, competing with Tricolor TV, a satellite television operator part-owned by VTB Group.
 Military maintenance, repair and overhaul work for now is mostly done by state-owned companies such as Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd.
 “The long standing fallacy that only entities owned by the government can be trusted is being broken,” he said.
 In August, it signed an agreement with state-owned carrier Air India Ltd.
 Investments could include taking minority stakes in companies and backing family-owned businesses, the people said.
 The company, which is 60 percent-owned by a unit of China National Chemical Corp, planned to raise as much as $423 million today to fund the acquisition of companies from ChemChina, as its owner is known.
 Saudi Arabia’s state-owned producer lowered its charges to the US, where production is the highest in three decades.
 They’ll compete against a new fourth operator, Arlink SA, a unit of media conglomerate Grupo Uno, owned by Daniel Vila and Jose Luis Manzano.
 EE, the wireless carrier co-owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, is the other company in talks with BT, a person familiar with the matter said, asking not to be named because the negotiations are private.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- China’s benchmark stock index rose to a three-year high as brokerages extended gains before the start of a trading link and Shanghai-based companies rallied on prospects for state-owned enterprise reform.
 21 (Bloomberg) -- Zimbabwe’s government will publish industry-specific limits on ownership in its black empowerment laws within months, with foreign-owned mining companies required to cede at least 51 percent of assets, Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said.
 There will be a sector by sector approach” The indigenization law requires foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to cede or sell a 51 percent stake to black nationals or the country’s National Economic Empowerment Board.
 Stresses in the economy are visible through companies such as Sinosteel Corp, a state-owned miner and steel trader that in September reported financial difficulties.
 Platreef is next to Anglo American Platinum Holdings Ltd’s Mogalakwena mine, the biggest and most profitable mine owned by the world’s largest producer.
 “The past has been less than glorious, but there’s been a lot of change in this business,” Gordon said today of the London-based company still 64 percent-owned by Barrick.
 Tim, which is 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia SpA, has a market capitalization of about $122 billion and little debt.
 Dubai Parks & Resorts, set up by government-owned developer Meraas Holding, is building a 105 billion-dirham theme park as part of the emirate’s plan to attract 20 million tourists a year by 2020.
 nuclear builder owned by Toshiba Corp, documents on the decision to give a 43 billion-rand ($384 million) tender to replace generators at the Koeberg nuclear plant within five working days.
 “There aren’t other options if you want to have your own house” Mena and Montane’s fund, which competes with state-owned Banco del Estado de Chile and insurers, faces the challenge of a slowing economy and the threat of foreclosures.
 Itaudits some of the country’s largest companies, including state-owned Saudi Telecom Co.
 As of last month, Wal-Mart began selling certified pre-owned games including Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare in 1,700 stores.
 The four most-owned contracts were bearish.
 Its parent IDB is owned by a group including Argentine businessman Eduardo Elsztain and Moti Ben-Moshe.
 broadband provider so a purchase of O2, owned by Spain’s Telefonica SA, or EE, a joint venture between Deutsche Telekom AG and France’s Orange SA, would restore the former state telephone monopoly to a dominant position in the country.
 Given that most British mobile phone and cable companies are foreign-owned, BT’s move has repercussions from London to New York and Hong Kong.
 It’s also considering buying Blinkbox, a video-on-demand service owned by Tesco Plc, according to a person familiar with the situation.
 O2 could decide instead to join forces with Hutchison-owned Three, said Paul Marsch, an analyst with Berenberg Bank in London.
 Telecom Egypt Co, which is 80 percent owned by the government, is said to seek advisers for its 45 percent stake in a local unit of Vodafone Group Plc, according to a company official who asked not to be identified.
 plans to expand a partnership with state-owned Shanghai Media Group to include co-production of movies along with development, distribution and marketing of television shows.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- CNA Financial Corp, the commercial insurer majority-owned by Loews Corp, offered lump-sum payments to 11,000 former employees to encourage them to give up their pensions.
 Data owned by the ministry that could help companies includes data gathered by the Galileo and Copernicus satellite programs, he said.
 Det Norske is 50 percent owned by Aker.
 and Songa’s rigs follows the suspension of two units owned by China Oilfield Services Ltd.
 The BG-owned Methane Rita Andrea ship started loading yesterday at Gladstone, in Queensland state, the Berkshire, UK-based company said today in a statement.
 Romania’s lenders, 80 percent-owned by international banks, are coping with non-performing loans and clean up balance sheets that accumulated in the past five years as a results of weaker economy and austerity measures as their western parents are cutting back on funding.
 In a protracted court battle with the state of Colorado, the Miami nation claimed that it owned AMG Services, that Tucker was its employee, and that under the principle of sovereign immunity, states can’t regulate the venture.
 “This was the first time a court ruled on the FTC’s ability to pursue an action against corporations owned by Indian tribes,” Jason Schall, a lawyer for the FTC said in a phone interview.
 2 (Bloomberg) -- The 280-megawatt Mojave solar farm, owned by Abengoa SA’s energy holding company, has begun generating power for almost 90,000 homes in California.
 Game, a chain owned by Wal-Mart that’s known for household goods ranging from soap to electronics, is encountering opposition as it adds fresh produce to the mix.
 While no Wal-Mart-owned store in South Africa uses such clauses, Wal-Mart spokeswoman Jo Newbould declined to specify whether it benefits from them in other countries when contacted by Bloomberg News.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Materis Paint, the French paintmaker owned by buyout firm Wendel SA, is starting to see the benefit from a savings program and is regaining market share as it battles with competitors including PPG Industries Inc.
 Former Monopoly The formerly state-owned company, which had a domestic phone monopoly until 1991, signed revised agreements Dec.
 “This fits really well with that kind of thing” Citic Telecom International Holdings Ltd, a unit of China’s largest state-owned investment firm, had previously weighed buying Pacnet, people with knowledge of the matter said in June.
 agreed this week to take part in a financing for a luxury hotel, retail and residential development, owned by City Developments Ltd, Singapore’s second-largest developer, on Sentosa island.
 The inheritance law gives an unfair advantage to family-owned businesses over individuals passing on non-company assets, the Karlsruhe-based Federal Constitutional Court said today in a ruling.
 Political and business leaders have expressed concern about the impact of the ruling on the country’s 3 million small and medium-sized companies, most of which are privately owned and serve as the backbone of Europe’s largest economy.
 FLC is owned by the Polish National Alliance of the US.
 Although the case involved a unique set of facts unlikely to occur again, statements by a renowned judge like Posner will be parsed for years to come when lawyers argue whether he established a new theory for making a debt survive bankruptcy.
 Domestic firms like state-owned Bright Food have used the deregulation to help fund acquisitions and expand their global reach.
 The Industrial Development Corp, a state-owned lender, may also dispose of shares in publicly traded companies, with the proceeds being used to support Eskom, Nene said.
 ConocoPhillips and Statoil are also resisting a push by state-owned Petoro AS to extend the life of the Heidrun field to 2045, the weekly said.
(Bloomberg) -- Hindalco Industries Ltd, owned by Indian billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla, is targeting a record $1 billion of aluminum exports by March 31 buoyed by rising US.
(Bloomberg) -- The Democratic Republic of Congo’s state-owned copper miner is on track to deliver its lowest output since 2004, the year after Africa’s biggest war ended.
 Shipments this year were as low as 428 metric tons in April, after a dispute with Congo’s state-owned power utility, and as much as 1,820 tons in March.
 At least 80 percent of Nigeria’s crude is pumped by Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron Corp, Total SA and Eni SpA in joint ventures with the state-owned NNPC.
 “Trying to organize illegal ways of getting into power, that we shall never have, never,” he told delegates today, “If you’re American or European-minded, they you don’t belong in Zanu-PF” Mujuru Accused Zimbabwe’s state-owned media carried stories accusing Mujuru of “organizing” to oust Mugabe.
 ConocoPhillips claims Venezuela’s state-owned oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA is trying to sell Citgo, its primary US.
 While private equity builds, investor-owned utilities and merchant generators have slowed spending on new plants.
 LDK owned 42 percent of Solar Power as of Aug.
 Dubai Investments, whose largest shareholder is state-owned Investment Corporation of Dubai ICD, is seeking to profit from a market recovery in the emirate after the financial crisis in 2008 sparked one of the world’s worst property crashes.
 Al Taif Investment, a 60 percent-owned unit of Dubai Investments and developer of the business park, secured a 300 million-dirham loan from Al-Hilal Bank PJSC for the project.
 Australia has been weighing whether to build a fleet of new submarines at government-owned facilities at Adelaide-based shipbuilder ASC or offshore.
 The automaker will have a 10-year property-tax abatement on improvements on the site, currently owned by Campbell Soup Co.
 Neighbor Beggared Dave Pallas, 60, whose family has owned Swisco Inc, a Camden hardware company that employs 20 people, since 1971, said large companies won’t be “hiring people off the street” and the jobs will be filled by workers from surrounding suburbs.
 CTC Media is 75 percent owned by foreign shareholders, it said in September.
 Building Boom Canary Wharf Group, 69 percent owned by Songbird, was formed in 1993.
 Watt, who oversees the two US-owned companies as head of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, said in a statement.
 Fannie Mae will allow borrowers who haven’t owned a primary residence within the last three years to qualify.
 Freddie Mac’s program will be limited to people who’ve never owned a home, those with moderate incomes or buyers in under-served areas.
 in a $4 billion leveraged buyout in 2010, Burger King has sold off all but a handful of its company-owned restaurants to reduce costs.
 The bid to buy Rio de Janeiro-based Tim, which is 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia SpA, would be made by Grupo BTG Pactual acting as a financial vehicle, the people said, asking not to be identified because the discussions are private.
 Oi would have about 25 percent of Tim, and Claro -- owned by billionaire Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB -- and Telefonica would divide the rest between them, the people said.
 Standard Bank started legal proceedings in China in July after about $200 million of aluminum it said it owned was held by authorities amid an investigation into possibly fraudulent activities in the warehouses that contained the metal.
 and Melody Capital Advisors LLC that would reorganize the company as a whole; and one backed by lenders to a proposed unit called Lightsquared LP that would sell those assets to a buyer owned by Dish Network Corp.
 About a dozen potential bidders for Coutts International have signed privacy agreements with Britain’s largest taxpayer-owned lender, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details are confidential.
 Retail sales for the 45,000 gas stations owned by Shell worldwide generated $6 billion in non-fuel revenue last year, and that amount will rise this year, said Istvan Kapitany, the Hague-based company’s executive vice president for retail.
 With trailing 12-month revenue of 110 billion reais ($45 billion), JBS eclipsed Vale SA this year as the biggest company in Brazil after state-owned Petroleos Brasileiros SA.
 Treasury-owned BNDES heralded the creation of a “Brazilian multinational” Public Offering More acquisitions followed, including Pittsburgh-based Pilgrim’s Pride, Canada’s XL Foods, and four Brazilian meat processors.
 Some forms from charities suggested the Pioruns wouldn’t qualify if they owned a car or a house and weren’t destitute, Piorun said.
 Pinebridge Investments, the money manager controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Richard Li, completed a real-estate investment involving the sale and leaseback of a private school owned by GEMS in 2013.
Maker Studios, the Web video network owned by Walt Disney Co, will produce short-form shows about everything from “Star Wars” fashion to games to help its new parent promote the next film in the space-adventure series.
 Abrams, director of “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” has tried to keep details of the new production from public view, a posture also taken by another Disney-owned brand, Marvel.
 Returns in the $55 trillion market for mortgage securities guaranteed by taxpayer-backed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or US-owned Ginnie Mae have totaled 59 percent this year, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data.
 24 submitted a bid to buy a 51 percent stake in Avolon and was planning to pay in cash, the state-owned Chinese company said in a statement to the stock exchange today.
 Alibaba named Zhang Qiang, a former vice president of state-owned China Film Co, as the pictures unit’s chief executive officer Aug.
 CTC, co-owned by Putin’s billionaire ally Yury Kovalchuk, is about three-quarters held by international investors, including Sweden’s Modern Times Group AB.
 The first set of patents to be available under the license are 23 patents owned by John Gilmore, a co-founder of the foundation.
 Oldford is the parent of Rational Group Ltd, which owned and operated PokerStars.
 The scourge facing Hollywood, Silicon Valley and investors costs the global economy as much as $575 billion annually, according to a study published in June by McAfee, a security-software maker owned by Intel Corp, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
 CommerceHub is owned by Liberty Ventures, part of billionaire John Malone’s Liberty Interactive Corp.
(Bloomberg) -- Claren Road Asset Management, the hedge fund firm majority owned by Carlyle Group LP, is heading for its first annual loss since inception after losing money in October and November.
 The Pacifico, Choluteca I and Choluteca II power plants will supply energy to the grid in Honduras under 20-year power purchase agreements with ENEE, the state-owned electricity company.
 Set up by a 1970 law, Amtrak is subject to government oversight, is almost entirely owned by the US.
 “Driving around New England with her, she would know who owned all those big malls, know everything about all the properties” To contact the reporter on this story: Stephen Miller in New York at smiller244@bloombergnet To contact the editors responsible for this story: Charles W.
 “If you go and look at the stock market, you will see that the share prices of some of these companies have gone down more so than others” Wirat said the strong financial position of PTT, which is two-thirds owned by Thailand’s government, leaves it in a good position to take advantage of investment opportunities.
 China, Japan, South Korea and India, Asia’s biggest economies, need to import most of their oil, leaving the onus on their oil companies, many of them state-owned, to secure supplies to bolster energy security.
 Hacking costs the global economy as much as $575 billion annually, according to a study published in June by McAfee, a security-software maker owned by Intel Corp, and the Center for Strategic & International Studies.
 Thompson, Rook’s founder and chief executive officer, said his company will go into hackers’ computers only if two conditions are met: The data must be stored in plain sight, and it must be clear that the target machines aren’t hacked PCs or servers owned by legitimate consumers, businesses or government agencies.
 Purchases of previously owned homes fell more than forecast in November to a 493 million annual rate, the weakest reading since May, figures from the National Association of Realtors showed last week.
 Combining Mondelez International Inc’s coffee unit with Master Blenders, owned by JAB Holding Co, the investment arm of the billionaire Reimann family, risks increasing prices by putting “key local brands in the hands of one company,” the European Commission said in an e-mailed statement.
 Czech utility CEZ AS, which lost the 2004 bidding to Enel, and a group consisting of MOL Nyrt’s Slovak unit, Slovnaft, and Hungarian state-owned electricity company MVM have said they placed a bid.
 rebounded from record lows after both companies said the oil rout and a cut in spending by Malaysia’s state-owned energy company will have “minimal” impact on earnings.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- A digital advertising company owned by Gannett Co.
 Before the September divestment, it owned a stake of about 50 percent.
 Premier League teams including Chelsea and Manchester City, owned by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich and Abu Dhabi’s Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, have wealthier backers and bigger domestic television contracts than those in southern Europe and don’t need short-term finance to acquire players, according to Richard Price, managing director of East Grinstead, England-based New Century Finance Ltd, which has arranged more than $700 million of loans for clubs.
 Only one of the auction winners, state-owned energy giant China Petroleum & Chemical Corp, has started to commercially produce the fuel.
 The new entity, Brio Gold Inc, will initially be a fully owned subsidiary, Toronto-based Yamana said today in a statement.
 crop comes from seeds containing the gene, making it difficult to guarantee any cargo is free of the trait, according to Meng Jinhui, an analyst at Cofco Futures Co, unit of state-owned Cofco Corp, the country’s largest grain trader.
 Botnet Surfing The hackers use malicious software to string together computers, many of them privately owned, into “botnets” They then command the computers to surf the Internet, watch videos and click on ads.
 life insurer owned by its policyholders and oversees more than $100 billion at its MainStay mutual fund business.
 The arrival of Proglio, chief executive of EDF until last month, completes a leadership swap between two companies that are part-owned by the French state.
 Two Shanghai malls owned by Hong Kong-based Kerry Properties Ltd.
 Competition among overseas restaurant chains has been on the rise since KFC, owned by Yum! Brands Inc, became the first US-based fast-food chain to enter Nairobi in 2011.
 State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
(Bloomberg) -- Greentown China Holdings Ltd, whose chairman ended a share sale to a rival developer, surged the most in 2 1/2 years in Hong Kong after it agreed to sell 24 percent of the company to a state-owned construction group.
 “We do not rule out the possibility that it would eventually become Greentown’s largest shareholder and turn Greentown into its real estate platform,” they said, referring to the state-owned company.
 in New York, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial and compiles prices in the privately negotiated market.
 The plant’s other reactor continues to operate and there will be no disruption in electrical service to customers of the plant, which is jointly owned by PPL Susquehanna and Allegheny Electric Cooperative.
 The government won’t reverse the tax changes as the system will allow the country to get its “fair share” of revenue from the industry, state-owned ZNBC radio cited Mines Minister Christopher Yaluma as saying today.
 Female Quota Malaysia introduced a 30 percent female quota for senior roles in large companies, enforceable by 2016, while Brazil is considering imposing a 40 percent requirement for women on the boards of state-owned enterprises by 2022.
 Citadel, the hedge-fund firm led by Ken Griffin, owned 147 million shares of the specialty insurer as of Dec.
 Former Monopoly The formerly state-owned company, which had a domestic phone monopoly until 1991, signed revised agreements Dec.
 Under the new rules, which amend regulations announced in 2006, banks are no longer required to establish a Chinese representative office before they set up branches, joint ventures or wholly foreign-owned lenders, according to the statement.
 Fair Contracts Contracts won by companies either controlled or partly owned by Timchenko were obtained fairly through a competitive process, said Anton Kurevin, a spokesman for Volga Group, which manages the businessman’s holdings.
 Sydney’s best-selling tabloid, the News Corp-owned DailyTelegraph, produced a special 2 pm.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- CLSA Ltd, the brokerage owned by Citic Securities Co, plans to expand into investment banking globally to build on its existing research and broking business.
 China may announce reforms of state-owned enterprises before the lunar new year, which starts in mid-February, the Securities Journal reported, citing Chu Xuping, head of the research center of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
 The government should retain over 51 percent ownership in most important state-owned enterprises, Chu was cited as saying.
 “shouldn’t hold their breath” for an immediate jump in China’s corn imports beyond a few million tons a year, said Meng Jinhui, an analyst at Cofco Futures Co, a unit of state-owned Cofco Corp, the country’s largest grain trader.
 Lifestyle’s shares were sold for HK$1475 each by Real Reward Ltd, a company equally owned by the Lau family and Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Ltd, controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Cheng Yu-tung, according to today’s statement.
 Hungary, bordering Ukraine, was criticized for giving a 10 billion-euro ($125 billion) contract to Russia’s state-owned Rosatom Corp.
 The system, worth about 60 million euros ($74 million), will be supplied by Alcatel-Lucent SA, according to Jukka-Pekka Joensuu of state-owned Cinia Group Oy.
 The remaining 775 percent of Cinia will be held by Finland’s state-owned Governia Oy.
 The project is the subject of preliminary talks by several governments and companies, and may cost about 800 million euros, according to Eero Heliovaara, head of the department that oversees Finland’s government-owned companies.
 and Thailand’s Charoen Pokphand Group are in talks to jointly invest in Citic Ltd, the main listed unit of China’s first state-owned investment corporation, people familiar with the matter said.
 The Ayala Corp-owned company, supplier of water to half of the Philippines’ most populous city, said it broke ground today on the water-treatment facility that will have a 100 million liter (264 million gallons) a day capacity, InterAksyon reported.
 GE has owned Bank BPH since it agreed in 2007 to buy the business from UniCredit SpA to take advantage of economic growth in eastern Europe.
 The firm owned shares of Sage Therapeutics Inc, which is developing therapies to treat rare central nervous system disorders; Receptos Inc, that’s developing treatment for immune and metabolic diseases; and Assembly Biosciences Inc, that’s working to combat hepatitis B virus infections.
 Novo Banco said today it’s already in talks with Haitong International Holdings Ltd, a Hong Kong-based firm owned by Haitong Securities Co.
(Bloomberg) -- The Turkish lira rebounded from a record low after the central bank said it would act with the Treasury to help state-owned energy importers.
 The foreign exchange needs of energy-importing state-owned enterprises will be met directly by the central bank and Treasury, the bank said in a statement on its website.
 The turmoil at Post Advisory, owned by Des Moines, Iowa-based Principal for more than a decade, echoes the dramas surrounding star bond-fund managers Bill Gross, who exited Pacific Investment Management Co.
(Bloomberg) -- China is aiming to purge most foreign technology from banks, the military, state-owned enterprises and key government agencies by 2020, stepping up efforts to shift to Chinese suppliers, according to people familiar with the effort.
 RZB, which is unlisted and owned by regional cooperative banks, is seeking buyers for Tier 2 bonds due in 10 years, which it can buy back after five years, according to a term sheet seen by Bloomberg News.
 restaurants owned by franchisees.
 Centennial, Colorado-based United Launch Alliance has said it has a two-year supply of the Russian engines while it works with Blue Origin LLC, which is based in Kent, Washington, and owned by Amazoncom Inc.
 The ship, the BG-owned Methane Rita Andrea, is heading for Gladstone, in Queensland state, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Foxtel is jointly owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp.
 The Kono region is renowned for the quality of its diamonds, including the 9698-carat Star of Sierra Leone unearthed in 1972, the third-largest stone ever discovered.
 phone monopoly, entered talks to buy either Telefonica SA’s O2 unit or EE, the wireless carrier co-owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, two of the people said.
 Three Rivers owned drilling rights to 82,000 acres in the Permian Basin as of December 2013, according to its website.
 Macmillan, owned by Germany’s Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH, has imprints in the US, Germany, Australia and elsewhere.
 Mujuru’s dismissal followed her exclusion from top posts of the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front at its conference last week, and public accusations by Mugabe’s wife, Grace, and state-owned media that she was plotting against the president.
 Now he’s the chairman of Frontier Services, which is investing in Africa using cash from Asian investors including Citic Group, China’s largest state-owned group of companies.
 “They are also net beneficiaries of weaker oil and commodity prices” Subsidy Cuts Chinese President Xi Jinping, who pledged to give markets a “decisive” role in the $9 trillion economy after coming to power last year, has allowed private investors to take stakes in state-owned firms and started a stock trading link with Hong Kong.
 They have cooperated through their jointly owned mobile network in Denmark since 2012.
(Bloomberg) -- BYD Co, the electric carmaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, rebounded from yesterday’s record slump after saying the shareholder had no intention to reduce its stake.
 ‘Painfully Boring’ “They develop their own view and then compare that to the market,” said Gene Hochachka, chief investment strategist at the investment unit of Alberta Treasury Branches, the provincially owned financial services company.
 Canso’s research paper features anecdotes of taxi drivers flipping houses and whole floors of empty condominiums owned by speculating real estate agents.
 Consumer commercial banks were the most profitable group among the three in almost every year from 2005 to 2013 in a sample of 222 banks from 34 countries analyzed in a study published today by the BIS, the Basel-based institution owned by the world’s most important central banks.
 Hollywood has even partnered with the Chinese government-owned companies on movies like “Kung Fu Panda 3,” from DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc.
 DreamWorks Animation, based in Glendale, California, formed a partnership, Oriental DreamWorks, in 2012 with state-owned Shanghai Media Group, China Media Capital and Shanghai Alliance Investment Ltd.
(Bloomberg) -- Line Corp, the mobile-messaging application owned by South Korean search portal Naver Corp, said it agreed to buy Microsoft Corp’s MixRadio streaming service as it seeks to speed up user growth.
 Most of the buyers have been Nigerian-owned companies, such as Seplat Petroleum Plc, First Hydrocarbon Ltd, Shoreline Natural Resources Ltd.
 The aircraft is owned by Sage Aviation LLC in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, according to Federal Aviation Administration records.
 Sixteen drowned after water rose in Borongan town in Eastern Samar, the province where Hagupit made landfall, Philippine National Red Cross Secretary-General Gwendolyn Pang said in a mobile-phone message.
 Saab was previously owned by General Motors Co, which acquired full control in 2000, before selling it in 2010 to Dutch supercar maker Spyker NV, which failed to revive the brand.
 ARCP owned more than 4,400 properties as of the second quarter, according to the company’s website.
 RBS, Britain’s largest state-owned lender, said in a memo to employees in August that it was selling Coutts’s overseas business as it shifts its focus to wealthy clients in the UK.
 BNSF, owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc, had the biggest increase in commodity carload traffic this year, with a gain of more than 22 percent, Bloomberg Intelligence data show.
 “It’s not just holding on to Sky subscribers but wholesale clients like pubs, as well as advertising” BT’s move on EE -- owned jointly by Deutsche Telekom AG and Orange SA -- has also prompted predictions of a broader shake-up in British telecommunications, with Vodafone Group Plc exploring a possible tie-up with John Malone’s Liberty Global Plc, owner of Europe’s largest cable television network.
 Sunrise Merger? Niel could also seek to merge Orange with Sunrise, another Swiss carrier owned by European private-equity firm CVC, to create a serious competitor for Swisscom, according to a person familiar with the matter.
 Electricity produced by the ground-mounted photovoltaic plant will be sold to Rocky Mountain Power, a utility owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc’s energy unit.
 wants to avoid the kind of disruption from sanctions that halted output at the partly Iran-owned Rhum field in the North Sea, according to the person, who asked not to be identified as RWE is still talking with Fridman’s group.
 The world’s second-largest cocoa producer doesn’t have a state-owned carrier.
 Spokesmen for Denizbank, Garanti and Vakif Bank, which is 585 percent owned by the Prime Minister’s Directorate General of Foundations, didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment.
 “With state-owned sector reform gaining momentum, for example the railway sector today, some sectors will outperform” The Shanghai gauge’s gain this year was almost five times larger than that of the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index in Hong Kong.
 “There’s no proposal to adjust the dividend at present” The BOE said that both Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, about 80 percent-owned by the UK.
 The New York-based company paid about $711 million for the 7925 million owned shares and $1581 million for the options, according to the filing.
 will seek to establish diplomatic ties with Cuba and ease economic barriers resurrected an issue that had largely faded from public view in the decades since Fidel Castro grabbed power and nationalized foreign-owned assets.
 recognizes more than 5,900 claims against Cuba stemming from the expropriation of property owned by Americans in the aftermath of the revolution, according to the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, an arm of the Justice Department.
 Oil & Natural Gas Corp, the largest state-owned oil explorer, climbed for a second day as crude prices increased.
 The scourge facing Hollywood, Silicon Valley and investors costs the global economy as much as $575 billion annually, according to a study published in June by McAfee, a security-software maker owned by Intel Corp, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
 From at least 2000 to 2011, Alstom paid tens of millions of dollars in bribes to win $4 billion in projects from state-owned companies in Indonesia, Egypt, Saudia Arabia, the Bahamas, and Taiwan, the US.
 Trademark Pom Wonderful Prevails in Appeal of Trademark Infringement Case Pom Wonderful LLC, the Los Angeles juice company owned by billionaire Stewart Resnick, has prevailed in a trademark suit against a Pennsylvania-based beverage company.
 “Think of all the mayhem you could cause with that” The disclosure highlights the scope of the breach at the Culver City, California-based studio owned by Sony Corp.
 Lynton and Pascal each were paid at a $3 million annual rate, according to Fusionnet, a cable network and website owned by Walt Disney Co.
 The fund had owned 86 percent of Office Depot’s outstanding shares as of June 30, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Hilton, majority-owned by Blackstone, is looking to buy resorts and high-end urban hotels with proceeds from the sale of the Waldorf on New York’s Park Avenue to China’s Anbang Insurance Group Co, Hilton Chief Executive Officer Christopher Nassetta said on a third-quarter conference call with analysts in October.
(Bloomberg) -- OAO Rosneft and state-owned holding company Rostec signed a deal with Italy’s Finmeccanica SpA to build 160 helicopters, showing Russia’s largest oil producer can still do business in Europe despite sanctions.
 The deal with Finmeccanica, 325 percent owned by the Italian state, comes as the Russian oil producer faces US.
 It’s the primary complaint machine, the megaphone at everyone’s disposal when enraged by movie casting, and it’s what at least one renowned economist uses instead of showing off his etchings.
 Ienova, Mexico’s sole shareholder-owned energy company, started operating the country’s largest pipeline project Dec2 and won approval Nov.
 The hacking led to the leak of the details of executive pay at Sony Pictures, according to Fusion, an ABC-Univision owned news group.
 A full absorption by Saint-Gobain that would recognize Sika’s growth would be another possibility to reverse the value loss, the company said, adding that Sika’s board and management is “receptive to other proposals” Citing conflicts of interests and the lack of upside for minority shareholders, Sika’s management has threatened to quit after Saint-Gobain agreed to buy a 161 percent stake owned by the Burkard family that will give the French building-materials supplier 524 percent of voting rights.
 Fotolia, owned by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co, TA Associates and management, was founded in 2004 and has offices in New York, Paris, and Berlin.
(Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, said it’s pursuing “strategic alternatives” for its Jefferies Bache commodities business and posted a loss of $924 million.
 Opposition to tax increases, spending cuts and paying holders of bonds in state-owned banks turned Sinn Fein into Ireland’s most popular party, a poll published last month showed.
 that can pick up emergency signals from a downed plane’s data recorders.
 The brokerage is selling shares to seven investors, including a company controlled by State Development & Investment Corp, one of the Chinese state-owned enterprises picked for trials that would allow more independent business management, freer hiring of top executives or mixed-ownership structures.
 sales of previously owned homes in November probably heldnear the 13-month high reached a month earlier, according to aBloomberg survey, as low borrowing costs helped sustain therecovery in residential real estate.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- The Savoy, the five-star London hotel once frequented by Winston Churchill, Marilyn Monroe and Claude Monet, is now owned by the state of Qatar and one of Saudi Arabia’s richest men.
 Qatar’s government-owned Katara Hospitality Co.
 Katara Hospitality, owned by Qatar’s sovereign-wealth fund, is in talks to buy “iconic” hotels in London and Rome as it seeks to more than double its properties by 2030, Chief Operating Officer Christopher RJ.
 homes worth more than 500,000 pounds and owned by companies, reducing the threshold from 2 million pounds.
 Osborne also said today that the annual charge on homes owned by companies will rise by 50 percent above inflation on properties worth more than 2 million pounds.
 Clarion, which can trace its origins back to 1947, is currently owned by private-equity firm Veronis Suhler Stevenson, which bought the company from HgCapital for 1205 million pounds in 2008, according to HgCapital’s website.
 When Abil failed, the government’s pension fund owned more than 13 percent of the stock, which was valued at 37 billion rand ($330 million) a year ago.
 Jazz Club The end of rent control is also making 2015 grim for Madrid’s Café Central, a renowned jazz club.
 And when you look at the rest of the world, you see a scenario of slower growth and falling commodity prices” Rossi, Petrobras Brazil’s benchmark equity index had gained as much as 38 percent from this year’s low in March on speculation that a new government would spur growth and reduce intervention in state-owned companies.
 At least 80 percent of Nigeria’s crude is pumped by Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron Corp, Total SA and Eni SpA in joint ventures with the state-owned NNPC.
 The Kulluk, owned by Shell and manned by employees of London-based Noble, broke free of a tow boat during a storm in December 2012, forcing crew members to evacuate.
 $700 Billion About 09 contracts betting on a drop were owned for every bullish one through last week, 31 percent higher than the average put-call open interest ratio over the last 12 months.
 as the nation’s largest publicly owned lender windsdown its global restructuring group, according to two peoplefamiliar with the matter.
 The Edinburgh-based lender, 80 percent owned by UK.
 About 770,000 passengers will travel through the airport over the holidays, rising 8 percent from last year, boosted in part by families flying off to winter sun and skiing vacations, according to the state-owned DAA, which runs the airport.
 While the DAA bond isn’t state-guaranteed, the company provides vital infrastructure and is 100 percent state-owned, making the debt quasi-sovereign, according to Investec.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s biggest power users said rolling blackouts are holding back investments in big projects as the state owned-power utility started a fifth straight day of blackouts to prevent the grid’s full collapse.
 The EU goal is to be achieved by imposing carbon caps on about 12,000 installations owned by utilities and manufacturers and by varying national targets for sectors outside the emissions trading system.
 The Jaenschwalde and Boxberg plants in eastern Germany, owned by Vattenfall AB, were next.
 German state-owned bank KfW will advance a 100 million-euro ($123-million) loan for the 110-megawatt plant being built by a unit of Spain’s Abengoa SA, the lender said today in an e-mailed statement.
 “It’s trying to become less reliant on lending because in the current environment spreads on corporate loans are very tight” Deutsche Bank NBAD, 70 percent owned by the Abu Dhabi government, replaced Deutsche Bank AG this year, with the Frankfurt-based lender slipping to fourth place.
 MoneyGram outlets are independently owned entities, often convenience stores and Internet cafes, that the company authorizes to send money through its transfer system.
 Scandals Overshadow Chief Executive Officer Ross McEwan’s efforts to return the 80 percent government-owned bank to full private ownership have been overshadowed by a series of scandals.
 Last week, with the jury already hearing testimony, Apple lawyers told Rogers they doubted whether the lead plaintiffs, whose claims are meant to represent what happened to other iPod customers, owned devices that met the criteria for the case.
 Airlines Struggle State-owned Air India Ltd, which has got funding from the government to offset its losses, and other airlines have struggled to make money in the Indian market, where the number of domestic travelers is projected to triple in the decade to 159 million people by 2021.
 Nacala’s deepwater port is the largest of its type in East Africa, Mozambique’s state-owned rail and ports company says on its website.
 and RSP Permian Inc, have all declined since June, as have energy producers owned by Apollo and KKR.
 The maker of products ranging from refrigerant gases to acrylic yarn this week announced a joint venture with Petroleos Mexicanos to store liquefied petroleum gas in a salt cavern for the state-owned oil producer for 20 years, at a planned cost of about $130 million.
 The companies have looked to deepen their ties with Mexico’s state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos, or Pemex, in pursuit of partnerships and joint venture projects in the country.
 After the 2008 credit crisis highlighted the threat posed by financial companies’ exposure to swaps, regulators including the CFTC moved to require that most trades be guaranteed at clearinghouses including those owned by LCHClearnet Group Ltd, CME Group Inc.
 Oi would have about 25 percent of Tim, and Claro -- owned by billionaire Carlos Slim’s America Movil SAB -- and Telefonica would divide the rest between them, the people said.
(Bloomberg) -- Instagram, the photo-sharing app owned by Facebook Inc, is worth $35 billion, almost double its previous valuation, according to an analyst.
 Burgan is 70 percent owned by terminal operator VTTI BV, a venture between energy trader Vitol and shipping company MISC, which is controlled by Petroliam Nasional Bhd.
 EIA Opposition Transnet Holdings SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned ports and rail operator, awarded Burgan the tender to develop the facility “to address ongoing fuel shortages in the Western Cape,” Burgan said in the statement.
 State-owned PetroSA is planning the 300,000-barrel-a-day Mthombo refinery to meet future demand.
 Buying Enel Green Power France, owned by Enel Green Power International BV, would add 12 French wind farms with a combined capacity of 186 megawatts to the portfolio, Quebec-based Boralex said today in a statement.
 The cost to protect RadioShack’s debt for six months jumped 55 percent from yesterday to a record of 685 percent upfront, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial and compiles prices in the privately negotiated market.
 “We will find it very difficult to commit to deepening projects, which are energy intensive, because the cost of power’s going to be too high and we need reliability of supply” A lack of investment in new power plants since the end of apartheid 20 years ago even as supply was extended to an extra 7 million people has left state-owned utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd.
 “Mines can’t go deeper because they can’t get power and even state-owned enterprises can’t invest in certain areas” The country’s economy could have created 500,000 jobs if it were not for power shortages, he said.
 “There are a whole range of issues, but in each one of them we have a plan” South Africa has “clear policies” to develop its energy industry to boost growth, President Jacob Zuma said in an interview on state-owned South African Broadcasting Corp.
(Bloomberg) -- PacifiCorp, one of the utilities owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc’s energy unit, agreed to pay $25 million to settle charges that its wind facilities in Wyoming killed eagles and other birds.
(Bloomberg) -- Canada’s Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and the Public Sector Pension Investment Board agreed to acquire a stake in a portfolio of more than $2 billion of renewable energy and water infrastructure assets owned by Banco Santander SA.
 The fixed-line provider views EE, the venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, as its preferred target because of its broad mobile spectrum and stable of high-paying customers, people familiar with the situation said last week.
 Existing Homes Sales of new properties, which are tallied when purchase contracts are signed, are considered a more timely measure of the market than sales of previously owned dwellings, which are counted when a sale is final.
 BYD, the automaker partially owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, slumped as much as 47 percent in Hong Kong and plunged by the daily limit in Shenzhen.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company will purchase a portion of the equity investment held by Silver Lake Partners LP, Virtu said in a statement today.
 He bought six buildings formerly owned by smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd.
 local time in Ulaanbaatar, Lkhagvasuren Ochir, director of the investment planning and economic department at Erdenes Tavan Tolgoi JSC, the state-owned company that controls the mine, said in a phone interview today.
 Congressional leaders also tacked on some unrelated provisions, including land transfers and a go-ahead to London-based Rio Tinto Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd to develop North America’s largest copper mine in southeast Arizona on land now owned by the federal government.
 “Leadership comes with a responsibility of also knowing when it is probably a good time to let someone else come in” After skipping the White House ceremony yesterday, Hagel released a statement praising Carter as “a renowned strategist, scientist, and scholar with expertise spanning from international security and counterterrorism to science, technology, and innovation” ‘Release the Lions’ Carter has expressed a philosophical view toward government infighting in the past.
 Costs at the Canadian project need to be cut before a decision is made, the Malaysian state-owned company known as Petronas said yesterday.
 The Swiss National Bank said it will charge 025 percent on sight deposit account balances in excess of 20 times the minimum reserve requirements, a threshold foreign-owned banks exceed by a larger margin, data from UBS Group AG economists shows.
 “The SNB wants to prevent deposits that exceed the current levels” Zuercher Kantonalbank, the biggest state-owned Swiss bank, said in a statement it will not accept liquidity from banks and other professional counterparts in the money markets and reserves the right to take other measures.
 As a key Mugabe ally, his appointment gives backing to the president’s economic policies of “indigenization,” aimed at transferring ownership of white and foreign-owned businesses to black Zimbabweans, said Gary van Staden, a Johannesburg-based political analyst at NKC Independent Economists.
 Mujuru, 59, was excluded from top posts of Zanu-PF at its conference last week, after facing public accusations from Mugabe’s wife, Grace, and state-owned media that she was plotting against the president.
 The rules require foreign and white-owned companies with assets of more than $500,000 to cede or sell a 51 percent stake to black nationals or the country’s National Economic Empowerment Board.
 The Finance Ministry has already helped state-owned lenders VTB Group and Russian Agricultural Bank bolster their capital by allowing them to convert 239 billion rubles in loans into preferred shares.
 to create the world’s biggest cement company, competes in Africa with Dangote Cement Plc, owned by the continent’s richest man Aliko Dangote.
 The Ghana Cocoa Board, a state-owned company, may sell bonds to help infrastructure projects, according to the budget.
 The firm owned about 10 percent of Cobalt International Energy Inc, as of Oct.
 De Beers, the diamond producer owned by Anglo American Plc, currently sells diamonds through sightholders, a group of clients who conform with the company’s criteria in order to be permitted to buy the diamonds.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- A company owned by Dubai’s government plans to open four hotels in the sheikdom next year to expand the supply of mid-priced rooms in a market dominated by luxury accommodation, its chief executive officer said.
 In Mexico, DirecTV owns 41 percent of Sky Mexico, the satellite-TV service majority owned by Grupo Televisa SAB.
 State-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
 5, state-owned ZNBC radio reported.
 nuclear power-plant builder owned by Toshiba Corp, agreed to provide fuel to Ukraine’s state-owned reactor operator Energoatom to replace supplies from Russia.
 The scourge facing Hollywood,Silicon Valley and investors costs the global economy as much as$575 billion annually, according to a study published in June byMcAfee, a security-software maker owned by Intel Corp, and theCenter for Strategic and International Studies.
 The venture between the two companies, which manage teachers’ savings in their respective countries, is 51 percent owned by TIAA-CREF and 49 percent held by Seoul-based KTCU.
 LVMH stockholders got 2 Hermes shares for every 41 LVMH shares owned.
 About 50 percent of the company is owned by Kien Huat Realty, which is also the biggest shareholder of Genting, Malaysia’s biggest casino operator, according to Empire’s website.
 The $425 million Lago Resort & Casino owned by Rochester-based mall developer Wilmorite Inc.
 renters paid $441 billion for apartments and houses this year, a $206 billion increase, as fewer Americans owned their homes and landlords with tight inventories raised leasing charges, Zillow Inc.
 Schenker Winkler Holding AG, an investment company owned by the Burkard family, is requesting an extraordinary shareholder meeting to oust Chairman Paul Haelg and directors Monika Ribar and Daniel Sauter, Sika said in a statement today.
 The cost to protect the retailer’s debt from default for a year rose 52 percentage points to 616 percent upfront, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial and compiles prices in the privately negotiated market.
 was probed after local media repeated accusations a unit of the state-owned company deliberately overpaid for coal assets.
 Abu Dhabi government-owned Mubadala Development Co.
 The solar farm will be jointly owned by Gujarat State Electricity Corp.
 at “questionable values,” one of which was owned by the fund’s manager.
 Ten malls owned by Taubman Centers feature ice palaces modeled on the hit Disney movie “Frozen” Other malls have partnered with DreamWorks Animation to add characters from the “Shrek” film franchise to their Santa village.
(Bloomberg) -- Sales of previously owned US.
(Bloomberg) -- China Citic Bank Corp, a unit of the nation’s largest state-owned investment firm, agreed to buy Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA’s holding in a financial-holding unit for HK$816 billion ($105 billion).
 wholly owned, Citic Bank said in a Hong Kong stock exchange filing yesterday.
 Led by Gerry Adams, a politician more synonymous with the conflict in Belfast than the parliament in Dublin, opposition to tax increases, spending cuts and paying holders of bonds in state-owned banks turned Sinn Fein into Ireland’s most popular party, a poll published last month showed.
 Copper Mining Because the congressional session is almost over and this is viewed as a must-past bill, congressional leaders tacked on some unrelated provisions, including land transfers and a go-ahead to London-based Rio Tinto Plc and BHP Billiton Ltd to develop North America’s largest copper mine in southeast Arizona on land now owned by the federal government.
 The state-owned holding company wants to use Decree 57, or the special tribunal relating to Dubai World, to implement a restructuring proposal with support from at least 667 percent of creditors by value, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 phone monopoly, entered talks to buy either Telefonica SA’s O2 unit or EE, the wireless carrier co-owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, two of the people said.
 “They wanted to get rid of her” Wood, a 25-year Dow employee, was a company fraud investigator in 2009 when she found the renovation of the Dow-owned H Hotel in Midland had exceeded its $13 million budget by $20 million, according to court papers.
 The IPO may value Shake Shack, owned by Union SquareHospitality Group, as high as $1 billion, people familiar withthe matter said in September.
 Aliyev owned a stake in Nurbank OJSC at the time Kazakh authorities alleged he kidnapped Chief Executive Officer Abilmazhen Gilimov and his deputy, Zholdas Timraliyev.
 Tyson currently has two chicken-raising complexes and processing plants in China that are fully owned by the company, as well as two feed mills, according to its website.
 About 80 percent of the production in the plants comes from birds in company-owned housing, Smith said today.
 Tyson’s goal is for all of the chicken processed in its plants in China to come from company-owned houses.
 Nick Xenophon, an independent Senator who sits on the Senate’s economics committee, has called for him to resign and Australia’s Prime Minister Tony Abbott in March blamed management for losses as he ruled out providing the formerly state-owned carrier with a government debt guarantee.
 Employee-owned John Lewis had the best product merchandising and mix, offering 154,000 new clothing items by brands including Ted Baker and Mango, beating chains including Target Corp, Asos Plc, Nordstrom Inc.
 “We are hopeful that actions will be taken” Economic Impact At least 80 percent of Nigeria’s crude is pumped by Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Exxon Mobil Corp, Chevron Corp, Total SA and Eni SpA in joint ventures with the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corp.
 Resources Drop The surge in chip purchases contrasts with a slump in acquisitions of overseas oil and gas assets following corruption probes into senior management at state-owned companies linked to former Chinese Politburo member Zhou Yongkang.
 Beijing’s Tsinghua University plans to merge two recently-acquired semiconductor design firms while a government-owned company in Shanghai has announced two acquisitions so far this year.
 29, up 22 percent on the same week last year, the employee-owned British department-store chain said today in a statement.
 Det Norske is 50 percent owned by Aker.
 The probe focused on the non-profit Noos Institute that Urdangarin headed, which received public funds, and Aizoon SL, a company he jointly owned with his wife that received money from Noos, according to court documents.
 While the state-owned company didn’t give a figure for the size of the sale, the combined market capitalization could reach 8 trillion yen ($67 billion), according to GCA Savvian Corp, a mergers and acquisitions advisory firm.
 A merger between TSB and customer-owned Co-Operative Bank Plc makes sense as well, according to Investec Ltd.
 A merger with Co-Operative Bank could also “make sense” because Lloyds had previously held talks to sell TSB to the customer-owned lender, Gordon added.
 The issue flared up again in November 2013, when Steven Gilchrist, a New York-based SEC examiner, was arrested and later admitted to having misled investigators about bank stocks he owned.
 “Therefore localization is one of the key considerations” Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd, South Africa’s state-owned utility that generates about 45 percent of the continent’s electricity and has installed capacity of about 42,000 megawatts, runs the 1,800-megawatt Koeberg nuclear plant, which supplies half of the Western Cape province’s power.
 New York Life is owned by policyholders.
 12, targeted OAO Sberbank, the country’s largest lender, as well as energy firms and five state-owned defense and technology companies.
 The lender, which is the largest state-owned bank listed on the exchange, said in a filing after the market closed Dec.
 The government is pushing for state-owned lenders to move into Islamic banking, where the market is currently dominated by four private banks, the combined assets of which are about half those of Ziraat.
 The bank cut OAO Lenta Ltd, Russia’s third-biggest retailer by market value, X5 Retail Group NV, which is 22 percent owned by the billionaire Mikhail Fridman, Dixy Group and O’Key Group SA to hold from buy.
 Honda is Takata’s biggest customer and owned 12 percent of the Tokyo-based supplier as of March 31, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Petronas, as the Malaysian state-owned producer is known, is pushing contractors to bring costs closer in line with US.
 The company, a wholly owned subsidiary of China State Construction Engineering Corp, is targeting projects of $100 million or more, he said at a conference in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic last month.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- How does a renowned oil trader who bets on rising prices make money when crude plunges 18 percent in a month? By betting on the US.
 Hall, who is leaving his longtime post as chief executive officer of Phibro LLC, the century-old commodities trading house now owned by Occidental Petroleum Corp, sees oil falling further as he focuses on his private fund.
 As CEO, Hall gained notoriety during the 2009 financial crisis for a nine-digit pay package while Phibro was owned by Citigroup Inc, igniting controversy over compensation at banks that had been kept afloat with federal funds.
(Bloomberg) -- Jefferies Group, the investment bank owned by Leucadia National Corp, may lose its investment-grade credit rating as it takes on more risk to win business, Moody’s Investors Service said.
 Alpine, with about $4 billion under management, owned 894,300 shares of ARCP as of Sept.
 All businesses will remain within UBS AG, which in turn is owned by UBS Group.
 surged 6 percent in Hong Kong after changing its shareholding structure and boosting prospects for reform of Chinese state-owned enterprises.
 Line, owned by South Korean search portal Naver Corp, has 170 million monthly active users in 230 countries and makes money by asking smartphone customers to pay for teddy bear icons and games.
 Other land in Hong Kong is owned by the government and sold for long-term leases.
 Agon, which will beam programming into Italy, is owned by entrepreneur Francesco Becchetti, who said he invested 40 million euros ($50 million) in studios in Tirana, Albania’s capital, where he employs about 500 people.
 in the Herald Square shopping district in a building owned by Vornado Realty Trust, according to the Empire State Development Corp.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Huffington Post, the news website owned by AOL Inc, will start an Indian version after teaming with the nation’s largest English-language newspaper.
 Kalashnikov, a company owned by relatives of the late Mikhail Kalashnikov, the inventor of the rifle, according to NDTV.
 Chanel Settles Trademark Dispute With Indiana Beauty Salon Chanel Inc, the New York-based cosmetics firm, prevailed in a trademark dispute with an Indiana-based beauty salon owned by a woman whose first name is Chanel.
 Bakhmatyuk is seeking to provide new debt alongside a sale of existing assets and liabilities to a government-owned bank, which he said would cover bondholders and more depositors than the guarantee fund.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Indian stocks advanced, with the benchmark index ending three days of declines, as state-owned lenders rallied before a cabinet meeting today to consider a plan to allow banks to raise funds from the market.
 Separately, another filing yesterday announced that he resigned from the board of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd, a company owned by his UB Group, spurring a rally in Mangalore’s stock.
 State-owned United Bank of India in September declared Mallya and three directors of the carrier as defaulters.
 soon after the privatization of British Airways Plc, Fernandes has built AirAsia against a backdrop of dominant state-owned airlines.
 or Thai Airways International PCL, and nearly 25 percent more than state-owned rival Malaysian Airline System Bhd.
(Bloomberg) -- International Dairy Queen, the fast-food and ice-cream seller owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, is bringing its American-style meals and treats back to Kuwait after an absence of more than a decade.
 From at least 2000 to 2011, Alstom paid tens of millions of dollars in bribes to win $4 billion in projects from state-owned companies in Indonesia, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the Bahamas and Taiwan, the US.
 His long-term outlook is characteristic of businesses owned by Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire.
 
 Braga takes over one of Brazil’s most important ministries as state-owned oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA is investigated for corruption and as Brazil’s worst drought in decades threatens the energy matrix of a country mostly reliant on hydroelectricity.
 It’s about 91 percent owned by FutureMark Holdings LLC, according to court papers.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- When Angel Fernandez, a former production engineer with Venezuela’s state-owned petroleum company, relocated to Canada’s oil-sands region, it wasn’t for the weather.
 The investment bank, owned by Leucadia National Corp, is also exploring alternatives for its Bache commodities business after a goodwill writedown contributed to a $924 million loss for the fiscal fourth quarter ended Nov.
 Focusing on producing top-quality marzipan has helped the family-owned company in the northern German town of Luebeck to find a niche in the market and post a profit every year for the last three decades.
 The company is wholly owned by Hanwha Chemical Corp, which is in turn 37 percent controlled by Hanwha Group, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Ltd, partly owned by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc, soared 14 percent in Hong Kong after saying the shareholder had no plan to cut its stake.
 Still, the Edison Electric Institute, a trade group representing America’s investor-owned utilities, recently announced that its members will help to encourage electric vehicle use by spending $50 million annually to buy plug-in service trucks and invest in car-charging technology.
 16 statement on the website of China’s State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
 The resulting entity, which will have more than $2 billion in annual revenue, will be owned approximately 50-50 by Spansion and Cypress shareholders, with a new eight-person board made up of four directors from each company.
 Other cloud deals this week include a $2 billion, 10-year services agreement with ABN AMRO Bank NV, the state-owned Dutch lender.
 IBM will manage ABN’s private cloud, which is comprised of IT equipment in facilities owned or rented by the financial services firm itself.
 Exchanges owned by Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
 

 Spokeswoman Beatrice Livioco for Falls Church, Virginia-based DynCorp in an e-mail said, “we have been in contact regularly with the SIGAR office and are working closely with their team to fully comply with their requests” Top Contractors 
 Restructuring of state-owned enterprises such as China Citic Bank Corp.
 A similar-rated 2024 note from Sinopec Group Overseas Development Ltd, the Chinese state-owned petrochemical company, traded at a 143 basis-point spread, compared with its issue spread of 160 basis points in April.
 Interest “At current spread levels, we have a preference for Chinese state-owned enterprise bonds relative to Korean SOE paper,” Kaushik Rudra, the Singapore-based global head of credit research at Standard Chartered, said Dec.
 
 While vehicles in the basic service are always owned by drivers, one option Uber is considering is making deals directly with automakers to improve the quality of the fleet, the company said.
 Warburg Pincus has owned Survitec since 2010.
 Chevron edged out state-owned Saudi Arabian Oil Co.
 
 banks and customer-owned lenders have lost market share to overseas banks, dropping to 36 percent of new loans and refinancing in the first half from 43 percent last year.
 The bid for Tim, which is 67 percent owned by Telecom Italia, would be made by Grupo BTG Pactual acting as a financial vehicle, the people said.
 In March, 429 million shares owned by insiders become free to trade and then in September another 16 billion shares, including those held by Yahoo! Inc.
 Caesars, owned by Apollo Global Management LLC and TPG Capital, singled out Elliott in an Aug.
 court last year that it owned the swaps.
 Raiffeisen is “adapting” an impairment test of ZAO Raiffeisenbank, the third-biggest foreign-owned lender in Russia, Chief Risk Officer Johann Strobl told journalists in Vienna today.
(Bloomberg) -- Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and Lloyds Banking Group Plc, Britain’s two publicly owned lenders, barely passed the Bank of England’s first stress test, while Co-Operative Bank Plc failed.
 Co-Operative Bank is owned by a group of hedge funds after its parent, Co-Operative Group Ltd, ceded control of its banking operation to its creditors.
 had owned as much as 74 percent of the firm after a $172 billion rescue, part of emergency efforts to prop up the nation’s auto and banking industries.
 The building was once owned by Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and his wife, Imelda, before they were ousted from power.
 In a career ranging from math professor to the Pretoria-based PIC’s chief investment officer, Matjila, 52, has won his peers’ respect as someone who can handle the pressure of the big-time and reduce the state-owned company’s multifarious challenges into simple ideas.
 It is also trying to help end the legacy of white domination in the economy by supporting black-owned businesses.
 30 and is owned by Janus, which has about $174 billion in assets.
 Elliott funds owned about 13 percent of Kabel Deutschland as of April, data compiled by Bloomberg showed.
 Baroka Tribal Mining (Pty) Ltd, a community-owned company, made the offer and is also seeking to buy Amplats’ 225 percent indirect stake in Atlatsa Resources Ltd, its joint venture partner, Reuters reported, citing a bid document.
 Baroka has backing from the Public Investment Corp, South Africa’s state-owned pension fund, Reuters said, citing a person it didn’t identify.
 Freixenet, which is based in the town about 50 kilometers (31 miles)from Barcelona, is a family-owned business whose name comes from La Freixeneda de Mediona, an 18th-century country house that’s been in the founding family for 19 generations, according to the firm.
 Anhui Conch rallied to a three-year high in Shanghai and gained 6 percent in Hong Kong amid optimism over reform of state-owned enterprises.
 The maker of salmon feed is recommending the improved SHV offer equal to 4450 euros a share after holding talks with the family-owned investment vehicle, Chief Executive Officer Knut Nesse said Nov.
 The US-owned companies buy mortgages backed by private insurance and package them into securities.
 had owned as much as 74 percent of Ally after a $172 billion rescue, part of emergency efforts to prop up the nation’s auto and banking industries.
 and MTR Corp, the government-owned railway operator.
 New World Development Co, owned by the family of billionaire Cheng Yu-tung, owns two of the main bus companies.
 
 “What they did was completely wrong, they accept responsibility, they’ve been given a financial penalty and it’s something they put behind them” The incident raises concerns that groups or individuals can exploit platforms like YouTube, the video-sharing website owned by Google Inc, to showcase illegal activity that generates income.
 The lender has said it has already covered more than 80 percent of a 855 million-euro capital hole found in the tests with 400 million euros of state-owned contingent convertible bonds and by shrinking its balance sheet this year.
 Corvinus Nemzetkozi Befektetesi Zrt, a unit of state-owned development bank MFB, will be the buyer, with MFB providing a loan for the transaction.
 Investments by Kering SA-owned Gucci and Coach in their e-commerce offerings has positioned both for future growth, even though the effect is still to be felt in terms of rising revenue, L2 said.
 The cost to protect Caesars debt for three months climbed to a record 735 percent upfront last month, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 AutoHop will not be available for seven days after the broadcast of advertising on CBS-owned stations, and all pending litigation between the companies has been dropped.
 will create a “giant train manufacturer” to be renamed China Railway Vehicle Corp, according to the report, which cited an unidentified official in the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
 The Las Vegas-based company owned by Apollo Global Management LLC and TPG Capital is repurchasing an affiliate it spun-off last year to aid the process, according to a statement yesterday.
 The cost to protect Caesars debt for three months climbed to a record 805 percent yesterday, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw Hill Financial Inc.
 to launch a newexchange-traded fund that cuts out state-owned firms.
 “A state-owned company can become a piggy bank for thegovernment at the expense of shareholder interests,” Walter “Bucky” Hellwig, who helps manage $17 billion at BB&T WealthManagement in Birmingham, Alabama, said by phone.
 Data today showed purchases of previously owned US.
 The unit, which oversaw 721 billion Swiss francs ($743 billion) as of June 30, will be called Vontobel Asset Management AG and will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the holding company, according to a statement today.
 Vontobel, majority owned by a shareholder pool including the founding family of the same name, also operates investment-banking and private-banking units and is trying to expand its structured products business.
 
 asking price is $195 million for Palazzo di Amore, a 12-bedroom, 23-bath Beverly Hills estate owned by real estate entrepreneur Jeffrey Greene.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- Voith GmbH, among the biggest family-owned businesses in Europe, acquired 25 percent of robotmaker Kuka AG to take advantage of the trend toward increased industrial automation.
 Adelanto leaders are set to consider proposals for a 1,000-bed, privately run prison and a city-owned facility to house as many as 3,264 overflow inmates from Los Angeles County.
 Adelanto bailed out its budget in 2010 by selling a city-owned jail to a Florida operator for $28 million.
 Crants said the city-owned prison would create dozens of high-paying jobs and boost the municipal budget.
 Mizuho bought 15 percent of state-owned Joint-Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam, known as Vietcombank, for about $560 million in 2012.
 State-owned companies, including Eskom SOC Holdings Ltd.
 Officials blamed an unspecified change in conditions for calling off a full test of the Arrow, which is being developed by state-owned Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- South African and Mozambican state-owned investment companies have joined with SacOil Holding Ltd.
 supermarket in downtown Budapest after lawmakers today approved Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s plan to keep non-family-owned retail outlets larger than 200 square meters (2,150 square feet) shut on Sundays.
 Locally owned retail companies that mostly operate as franchises would suffer less, according to Eszter Gargyan, an economist at Citigroup in Budapest.
 
(Bloomberg) -- Oil’s slump has almost doubled the value of India’s big, state-owned refiners, outpacing the rest of the industry from China to the US.
 , boosting its total holding to 22 million shares, Lysaker, Norway-based PGS said in a statement without indicating the purchasing price.
 owned by the Abu Dhabi government.
 ‘Out of Pocket’ The probe at Qingdao, China’s third-largest port, is examining companies owned by a Chinese-Singaporean metals trader, Chen Jihong, who is alleged to have pledged the same metal inventories multiple times for collateral on loans.
 The fixed-line provider views EE, the venture owned by Orange SA and Deutsche Telekom AG, as a preferred target because of its broad mobile spectrum and stable of high-paying customers, people familiar with the situation said last week.
 It invested $200 million in an alliance with construction conglomerate Shapoorji Pallonji Group in November last year followed by $250 million in a venture with billionaire Ajay Piramal-owned Piramal Enterprises Ltd.
 This week’s action was called after moderator Michael Bullinger, a former pilot at the Swiss flag-carrier airline now owned by Lufthansa, was unable to broker an agreement in talks last month.
 It audits 35 listed companiesin Saudi Arabia, according to data compiled by Bloomberg,including state-owned Saudi Telecom Co.
 
 Prices went so far down that renowned oilman Sid Richardson had to pay his roustabouts with groceries to keep them working.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- YPF SA and Petroliam Nasional Bhd, Argentina and Malaysia’s state-owned energy companies, respectively, signed a $550 million accord to drill fields at the world’s fourth-largest shale oil deposit in Patagonia’s Vaca Muerta.
 
 As chief executive officer, Hall gained notoriety in 2009 for a pay package of about $100 million while Phibro was owned by Citigroup Inc, igniting controversy over compensation at bailed-out banks.
 broadband provider so a purchase of O2, owned by Spain’s Telefonica SA, or EE, a joint venture between Deutsche Telekom AG and France’s Orange SA, would restore the former state telephone monopoly to a dominant position in the country.
 Given that most British mobile phone and cable companies are foreign-owned, BT’s move has repercussions from London to New York and Hong Kong.
 
 O2 could decide instead to join forces with Hutchison-owned Three, said Paul Marsch, an analyst with Berenberg Bank in London.
 
 phone-service market for most of last century as a government-owned monopoly.
 11 (Bloomberg) -- Zuercher Kantonalbank, Switzerland’s biggest state-owned lender, acquired the 82 percent of Swisscanto Holding AG it didn’t already own for 360 million francs ($373 million), the bank said.
 Swisscanto was jointly owned by Switzerland’s 24 cantonal banks until now.
 Kabel Deutschland, majority owned by Vodafone Group Plc, had bought Deutsche Telekom’s cable network that year and part of the deal was the fee agreement for the duct use.
 The mine is 70 percent owned by London-based Gem Diamonds Ltd.
 TMX’s four platforms, including the Toronto Stock Exchange, Venture Exchange, Alpha and TMX Select, owned about 74 percent Canadian market share by volume in the third quarter, according to data from the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada.
 “I have stopped shopping online,” Krishnamurthy, who used to work at state-owned lender Central Bank of India, said by phone from his home in Mumbai.
