 said it will buy the rights to add 12 round-trip flights at Washington’s Ronald Reagan National Airport being shed by American Airlines as a condition for its merger with US Airways Group Inc.
 Lojas Americanas SA, the Rio de Janeiro-based retailer that owns 62 percent of B2W, will buy at least 102 billion reais of shares at 25 reais each, according to a Jan.
 “If something pops up for which we believe there is the right price, the right quality of assets and if the activity where we want to expand is right for us, we will monitor and we will buy” Western European lenders, which own about three-quarters of banking assets in eastern Europe except Russia, have reduced investments in the region since it was hit by recession in 2009.
 Without Wind, it’s more likely that Quebecor will buy spectrum outside of the French-speaking province, Phillip Huang, a Toronto-based analyst for Barclays Plc, said in a note to clients.
 Aurobindo will buy Actavis’s generic products, marketing authorizations and dossier license rights in France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands, the Dublin-based drugmaker said in a statement.
 McKesson will buy majority owner Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH’s holding in Celesio for 2350 euros a share, the same price as its previous bid, the San Francisco-based company said yesterday in a statement.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Forest Laboratories Inc, maker of the Alzheimer’s drug Namenda, will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.
 said it will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion to add treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.
 5 it will buy 15 VLCCs from Maersk Tankers Singapore Pte.
 However, it has been completely ineffective, as imports and domestic demand have grown nonetheless, often bypassing this ban” A partial removal “will buy the government some sympathy, as Algerians regain access again to credit for their purchases, and could boost somewhat domestic production,” Fabiani said.
 Bart Mosley, co-president of Trident Municipal Research, and Fitterer at Wells Capital Management said Jefferson County’s experience shows investors will buy the debt even as Orr’s proposal would pay some unsecured creditors about 20 cents on the dollar.
 The company requested information on Latvia’s telecommunications operator Lattelecom SIA “as we know there will be privatization, it doesn’t mean we will buy it, we’re not even close to this decision, but want to study the opportunity, what the price is, what the company is like,” Shamolin said.
 Until a new concession agreement is reached, Exxon, Shell, BP and Total will buy Murban crude from Adnoc under six-month contracts that will replace some of the oil they would have taken as equity partners, the people said.
 Fosun International will buy the stake in the insurer with its own funds, Secretary of State for Finance Manuel Rodrigues told reporters in Lisbon yesterday.
 The French company will ship the LNG to Asia and Europe, while Novatek’s trading arm, Novatek Gas & Power, will buy cargoes to supply Asia, Mikhelson said.
 It will buy $40 billion of Treasuries and $35 billion of mortgage bonds a month.
 The South Asian country will buy about 95 million metric tons of crude from Iran in the year ending March 2015, RK.
 and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy a majority stake in the firm.
 Alibaba, the owner of China’s biggest e-commerce business, and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy a majority stake in the firm for HK$133 billion to enter the drug-data industry.
 Denso in September said it will buy a 50 percent stake in ADASENS Automotive GmbH, an image-recognition technology company.
 Southwest agreed to purchase slots for 27 daily round trips, while JetBlue will buy rights for 12 round trips and acquire eight pairs now being leased from American, the airlines said today in statements.
 Southwest agreed to purchase slots for 27 daily roundtrips, while JetBlue will buy rights for 12 round trips andacquire eight pairs now being leased from American, the airlinessaid today in statements.
 OCBC will buy no more than 2075 million shares and Ningbo Development will subscribe to 1585 million shares at 885 yuan each, Bank of Ningbo said.
 Italy’s biggest phone company will buy back the hybrid bonds, sold last year and due in 2073, on March 3 at 101 percent of the principal amount of the securities plus interest due, the Milan-based company said today in a statement.
 The world’s largest maker of video-game machines will buy back as many as 10 million shares, or about 78 percent of outstanding shares, the Kyoto, Japan-based company said in a statement yesterday.
 Europe’s third-biggest oil producer will buy a 40 percent stake in two exploration areas held by Dart Energy Ltd, Paris-based Total said today in a statement.
 Nomura is also expanding its asset management operations abroad, saying this month that it will buy ING Groep NV’s Taiwanese investment unit, becoming the first Japanese asset manager to operate in the market.
 Cebu Air, majority owned by JG Summit Holdings Inc, will buy the 40 percent Tiger Air owns in Southeast Asian Airlines Inc, Tiger Air said in a statement to the Singapore stock exchange today.
 8 after announcing it will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion.
 organic food company, said it will buy Tilda Ltd, which produces Basmati rice, for about 217 million pounds ($357 million) including cash and shares to expand its business.
 added 24 percent to $1,14940, an all-time high, after saying it will buy Nest Labs.
 Yunfeng, a private equity firm co-founded by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma, will buy a 298 percent stake in Perfect Advance before the share sale is completed, according to the statement.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabian Oil Co, the world’s largest crude exporter, will buy a $2 billion stake in S-Oil Corp, South Korea’s third-largest oil refiner.
 The state-owned producer, known as Saudi Aramco, will buy almost all of Hanjin Energy Co’s stake in S-Oil, according to an S-Oil official who asked not to be identified because of internal policy.
 The purchase was earlier reported by the Maeil Business Newspaper, which cited S-Oil Chief Executive Officer Nasser Al-Mahasher saying Aramco will buy Hanjin’s entire stake.
 The maker of the Alzheimer’s drug Namenda said it will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.
 said it will buy a stake in the logistics-center operator.
 The information management firm said it will buy Stream Global Services Inc.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, the owner of China’s biggest e-commerce business, and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy control of Citic 21CN Co.
 Yunfeng, a private equity firm co-founded by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma, will buy a 298 percent stake in Perfect Advance before the share sale is completed, according to the statement.
 Platinum Equity LLC will buy 70 percent of Sensis for A$454 million, Telstra said Jan.
 29 that it will buy $65 billion a month in bonds, down another $10 billion.
 CBS said today it will buy back a total of $2 billion shares in the current quarter.
 “We will develop RN-Burenie, we will modernize it, we will buy new rigs,” Chief Executive Officer Igor Sechin said.
 Wilmar will buy 52 billion rupees ($84 million) of new shares in India’s largest refiner at 2008 rupees apiece, it said yesterday in a statement.
 Medical Equipment Fosun will buy as much as $1937 million of shares in Chindex and spend another $45 million to acquire a further 30 percent of Chindex Medical Ltd, a unit that distributes medical equipment and instruments, the drugmaker said in a separate statement.
 The revised terms mean the Bakries will buy back 254 percent of Bumi Resources, leaving ARMS with 38 percent.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Rakuten Inc, the Japanese online retailer controlled by billionaire Hiroshi Mikitani, plummeted in Tokyo trading after announcing it will buy the Viber Internet messaging and calling service for $900 million.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Outerwall Inc, owner of the Redbox DVD rental dispensers, rose to a record after saying it will buy back more than 20 percent of its stock.
 Stock Buyback Mitsubishi UFJ will buy back 390 billion yen of preferred shares in April and cancel the stock, it said in a statement.
 Bank Clothiers Inc, the retailer resisting a merger with Men’s Wearhouse Inc, said it will buy the Eddie Bauer brand for cash and new shares, and buy some of its own stock at an 18 percent premium to reward shareholders.
 Goldman Vehicle Goldman, which will buy the stake through its European merchant banking unit in a company named New Energy Investment Sarl, agreed to buy the stake after a “very, very detailed due diligence process where every stone has been turned here at the company,” Poulsen said.
 Russia’s finance ministry will buy foreign currency equivalent to 35 billion rubles ($98 million) daily from Feb.
 Pandora will buy back as much as 24 billion kroner ($440 million) of stock in 2014, the Glostrup-based company said today as it reported a 76 percent increase in net income for the final three months of 2013.
 Pandora will buy back as much as 24 billion Danish kroner ($440 million) of stock in 2014, the Glostrup-based company said today as it reported a 76 percent increase in net income for the final three months of 2013.
 The BJP and Congress will buy out the regional parties” The increasing importance of regional parties will hamper “the efficacy of nationwide policy making, regardless of the political complexion of the eventual central government,” Moody’s analyst Rahul Ghosh said in a statement on Feb.
 Bank, which has been resisting a merger with Men’s Wearhouse, said it will buy the Eddie Bauer brand for an enterprise value of $825 million.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Bank AG’s private-equity group is seeking $1 billion for its next fund that will buy investors’ stakes in private-equity funds, according to two people familiar with the situation.
 MTS’s strategy doesn’t imply that the company will buy MTS India from its parent AFK Sistema, Dubovskov said.
I'm a dork so my reaction to the news that Herbalife is doing a billion-dollar convertible bond offering to fund its stock buyback was, "hmm, how do you borrow Herbalife stock?" Because some things to think about convertibles are: A lot of the buyers of convertibles are convertible arbitrage hedge funds that will buy the convertible and sell short some of the underlying stock.
 “We have customers who have said to us that they will buy an Ikea sofa for the first time, so it’s just like Apple, if you have value in the ecosystem, it creates more value for everyone,” Pennington said while displaying textiles in the company’s Stockholm showroom.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Outerwall Inc, owner of the Redbox DVD dispensers, rose as much as 11 percent in extended trading after saying it will buy back $350 million of its stock.
 Significant Increase CBS said yesterday it will buy back a total of $2 billion shares in the current quarter.
 GCL-Poly will buy 360 million new Same Time shares at HK$4 each, and will seek a waiver from the rule requiring it to make a buyout offer, according to a joint filing yesterday by the two companies to the Hong Kong stock exchange.
 Kleinwort Benson will buy 91 percent after Fosun Group, AQTON SE, the investment vehicle of German entrepreneur Stefan Quandt, and entities affiliated with Timothy C.
 SAS said in June it will buy 12 new Airbus long-range jets valued at $33 billion to upgrade aging aircraft with more efficient models, seeking delivery of eight A350-900s and four A330-300s starting in 2015.
 Allianz will buy the stake for 110 million euros ($150 million) via a capital increase, the Munich-based insurer said in a statement on its website yesterday.
 satellite-TV provider, said it will buy back $35 billion of stock after fourth-quarter sales exceeded analysts’ estimates on stronger than expected US.
 TUI management and RIU Group will buy some shares, pushing the stake held by the Spanish hotel partner to 8 percent from 6 percent, the Hanover-based company said today.
 Mangold will buy some TUI stock alongside Joussen and Chief Financial Officer Horst Baier.
 Aeon Financial jumped 83 percent to 2,537 yen after saying it will buy back as many as 12 million shares within a year for 25 billion yen.
 will buy oil and gas assets in China’s Bohai Bay from Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
March 6 (Bloomberg) -- Never before have Nestle SA bulls paid as much as they are now for options, convinced the food company will buy back shares and boost dividends after it sold a portion of its stake in L’Oreal SA.
 The carrier, Japan’s biggest, will buy a combination of Airbus single-aisle A320neo planes and Boeing 777X, the person said, declining to be identified as the information isn’t public yet.
 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP, part of the group, will buy Bord Gais Eireann’s renewable generation assets and iCON Infrastructure Partners II, LP the energy supply and distribution assets.
 31 it will buy an unspecified minority stake in Ourgame for 100 million yuan ($163 million).
 The company said it will buy back as many as 10 million shares through 2016.
 Alibaba will buy 2205 million shares at HK$75335 apiece, for a total of HK$17 billion ($219 million), and will also subscribe to a HK$37 billion convertible bond, the companies said in separate statements today.
 Vodafone Plc underscored Spain’s attractiveness as an investment destination with the announcement this week that the world’s second-largest wireless carrier will buy cable operator Grupo Corporativo Ono SA for 72 billion euros.
 The world’s biggest maker of computer mice said it will buy back up to $250 million of its shares.
 The Dutch company, which operates 284 stores in the Czech Republic, will buy 36 compact hyper markets and 14 supermarkets, it said today in a statement.
 The fund will buy loans that have been in default for three months or more from Peruvian financial institutions at 3 percent of face value, allowing Crowdcredit to potentially collect double or triple the initial cost as creditors repay, he said.
 The fund will buy corporate bonds, loan portfolios and structured products mostly in Western Europe and the US, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the fundraising is private.
 Siderurgica Nacional SA, the second-largest Brazilian steelmaker by market value, rose the most in more than five years after the company said it will buy back as much as 10 percent of its freely traded shares.
 Plane Purchases Boeing’s 2013 industry outlook estimated that the countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States, including Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, will buy 1,170 aircraft worth $140 billion over the next 20 years.
 Mega will buy out listed shell company TRS Investments Ltd.
 Europe’s biggest insurer will buy the Italian assets in a deal that includes a 11 billion-euro premiums portfolio, 729 agencies and 500 employees, Allianz said in March 15 statement.
 Tan also will buy 238 percent of ARMS from the family for $223 million through his PT Borneo Lumbung Energi & Metal.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Toyota Motor Corp, the world’s largest automaker, said it will buy back stock for the first time in five years as its cash pile swells and profit climbs.
 “There they said publicly: ‘We are drawing a line in the sand, this is the bottom end of the currency and we will buy all quantity necessary to support it there’” Last month’s rate cut, which brought the benchmark rate to 075 percent, failed to halt the shekel’s appreciation.
 CMC Capital Partners, an investment fund focused on media and entertainment, and FountainVest Partners, a Chinese private-equity firm, will buy shares of Imax China Holding Inc.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company will buy a stake in Seven Energy International Ltd.
 “It’s better priced and more people will buy it” Stock splits have diminished in the last decade as the role of institutions and exchange-traded funds grew in the equity market, leaving some large companies effectively ineligible for the Dow average.
 While Deutsche Annington may make further acquisitions, it’s unlikely the company will buy large listed competitors such as LEG Immobilien AG or Gagfah SA, Buch said.
 As many as 200 investors will buy the 50 million share offering in a private sale.
 Last Resort Lonmin won’t send similar notices to customers and will buy metal on the open market for supplies “as a last resort,” Magara said.
 A smaller portion of the Metacapital fund will buy bonds and loans tied to commercial real estate, according to the letter.
 said it will buy Turkey’s Tekstil Bankasi AS as the biggest Chinese lender seeks to counter a credit slowdown at home that led to the weakest profit growth in almost five years.
 The company said it will buy 76 percent of Tekstilbank, as the Turkish lender is known, from its parent for $316 million.
 ‘Sexy’ Sector The Chinese bank will buy all of GSD Holding AS’s shares in Tekstilbank and bid for the remainder of the Istanbul-based company, according to ICBC’s statement.
 The bank said in January it will buy control of Standard Bank Group Ltd’s London-based markets unit for about $765 million to expand in trading spanning commodities and interest rates to currencies.
 will buy an 89 percent stake in Highland Group Holdings Ltd, which owns UK.
 The company said it will buy back as many as 320 million of its outstanding shares, or about 77 percent, through a repurchasing plan and also sell a stake in Tata Teleservices Ltd.
 Mallinckrodt Plc said yesterday that it will buy Questcor Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 Westlake will buy 95 percent of the partnership’s ethylene production at a 10 cent-per-gallon premium over production costs.
 “In the end, we could not agree to an outcome that met ADM’s objectives” As part of the fertilizer agreement, ADM said it will buy fertilizer from Mosaic after the deal closes and will continue to supply certain fertilizer customers in Brazil and Paraguay.
 The company also said it will buy back about $32 billion of mortgage bonds from them.
 State-run OAO Transneft will buy out the company’s oil and oil-products terminals for up to $1 billion, while privately owned Summa Group will get control over Novorossiysk seaport, which will only keep non-oil terminals, Vedomosti said.
 will buy out Piramal Enterprises Ltd’s stake in its India mobile-phone unit for 89 billion rupees ($15 billion), giving it full control of its biggest market by customers.
 Etihad Airways PJSC, Air Berlin’s largest shareholder, will buy 300 million euros of convertible bonds issued by the carrier to increase its capital.
 In what resembles one of the NBA multiplayer trades, Novartis will buy Glaxo’s cancer-drug operations and sell Glaxo its vaccines business -- except for flu drugs, which it will sell to someone else -- while creating a joint venture with Glaxo for consumer health and selling its animal-drugs business to Lilly.
 Etihad will buy bonds convertible into stock which will have no maturity and count toward equity, according to a statement today, while Air Berlin will sell at least another 150 million euros in notes, providing 450 million euros in cash.
 Sinopec Group will buy 12 million metric tons of LNG annually from the project and China Huadian 600,000 tons.
 Sinopec Group announced it will buy a 15 percent stake in the project yesterday without mentioning a Chinese partner.
April 30 (Bloomberg) -- A Blackstone Group LP affiliate will buy a share in a central Sydney office building for A$435 million ($404 million), and take options to acquire a further A$3914 million of properties from Mirvac Group.
 CSAV will buy shares worth 259 million euros in a 370 million-euro capital increase that will boost its stake in Hapag-Lloyd to 34 percent from about 30 percent.
 A Shares “From a trading perspective, if you are an overseas investor, you will buy stocks traded at a discount to domestic A shares and stocks with a scarcity premium, or those that you don’t have in China,” said Paul Chan, the Hong Kong-based chief investment officer for Asia ex-Japan at Invesco, which oversees about $787 billion.
 Nestle, Unilever, Kellogg, Mondelez and Mars are among the companies that have said they will buy only palm certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil.
 “It’s an opportunity to really be one of the first companies out there” Roche also said today it will buy IQuum Inc, a Marlborough, Massachusetts-based maker of molecular-diagnostics products, for $275 million in cash and potential additional payments of as much as $175 million.
April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Energy Transfer Partners LP, the owner of 35,000 miles of natural gas pipelines, will buy gasoline-station owner Susser Holdings Corp.
 The company also will buy back as many as 320 million, or about 77 percent, of its shares through a repurchasing plan extending from tomorrow through March 31.
 The continent’s largest money manager, which is based in the South African capital of Pretoria and has 16 trillion rand ($153 billion) under management and holds about 11 percent of the stock of companies traded in Johannesburg, will buy stakes in energy companies operating in Africa, its chief executive officer, Elias Masilela, 49, said in an April 1 interview in Johannesburg.
 Lonmin won’t send similar notices to customers and will buy metal on the open market for supplies “as a last resort,” Magara said.
 Telekom Austria jumped 63 percent after America Movil SAB said it will buy out the company’s minority shareholders.
 “It’s an auspicious day, so people who have to buy will buy, but they will have to deal with unnecessarily high premiums,” Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion and Jewellers Association Ltd, said by phone from Mumbai on April 25.
 In the first step of today’s three-part agreement, Charter said it will buy 14 million Time Warner Cable customers for $73 billion after the merger of Comcast and Time Warner Cable closes.
 Siemens AG climbed 21 percent to 9584 euros as Europe’s biggest engineering company said it will buy some energy assets from Rolls Royce Holdings Plc for $13 billion.
 Tsinlien Group Co, owned by the Tianjin, China, municipal government, will buy unit Famous Ever Group Ltd.
 rose the most in more than 10 months in Tokyo stock trading after Japan’s biggest brokerage said it will buy back shares and raise dividends as it posted a lower-than-estimated decline in quarterly earnings.
 The firm will buy 214 million shares at $7 apiece in a private placement, according to a statement.
(Corrects reference to PC titles in sixth paragraph of story published May 14) May 14 (Bloomberg) -- Nexon Co, the Japanese maker of online games such as MapleStory, jumped the most on record in Tokyo trading after saying it will buy back shares.
 Strategas says congressional inaction on government-sponsored enterprise reform will buy time for the courts to rule on whether the government “illegally swept profits from shareholders” of GSEs like Fannie.
 Loan investors are getting more selective about what they will buy after facing three weeks of withdrawals, with the end of a 95-week streak of cash inflows relieving pressure on fund managers to put money to work in a market that Federal Reserve officials have said shows signs of froth.
 Canon climbed 19 percent to 3,252 yen after the camera maker said it will buy back as many as 17 million shares between May 9 and July 29.
May 8 (Bloomberg) -- Valley National Bancorp, the New Jersey-based lender, will buy Florida’s 1st United Bancorp for about $312 million in the biggest US.
 China’s ICBC said last month that it will buy GSD Holding AS’s 76 percent stake in Tekstil Bankasi AS for $316 million, while Qatar Islamic Bank is seeking a stake in Asya Katilim Bankasi AS.
 “In Finansbank’s case, the buyer will buy into the bank’s prospects and future profitability” Finansbank’s shares rose as much as 33 percent and gained 13 percent to 312 liras as of 3:26 pm.
May 21 (Bloomberg) -- Flipkart, India’s largest online retailer, will buy competitor Myntracom, according to people with knowledge of the talks, to gain a business with higher margins and boost competitiveness against Amazoncom Inc.
 The company said today it will buy a wind farm in Texas for $125 million.
 TerraForm will buy renewable-energy assets from SunEdison and other companies, according to the filing.
 Abbott will buy Kalo Pharma Internacional SL, the holding company that indirectly owns 73 percent of CFR, and conduct a cash tender offer for the remaining shares outstanding, the Abbott Park, Illinois-based drugmaker said in a statement today.
 Siemens will buy Rolls-Royce’s energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor business to strengthen its position in the power generation and oil and gas industries and manage its health-care business separately, the Munich-based company said in a statement yesterday.
 Accor gained 13 percent to 38 euros after saying it will buy hotels in Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland for about 900 million euros ($123 billion).
 While Co-Operative Group Ltd’s stake will be diluted, the company said it will buy new stock and will remain the lender’s largest shareholder.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Tencent Holdings Ltd, Asia’s biggest Internet company by market value, will buy a stake in digital mapping provider NavInfo Co.
 Tencent, owner of the WeChat instant messaging application, will buy 78 million NavInfo shares, an 113 percent holding, from that company’s state-owned parent China Siwei Surveying & Mapping Technology Corp, according to a Shenzhen Stock Exchange filing yesterday.
 Flipkart will buy 100 percent of Myntra, Chief Executive Officer Sachin Bansal said at a press conference in Bengaluru today.
 The Guangzhou-based carrier will buy 30 A320 jets and 50 A320neo planes, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai stock exchange.
 Tianjin, China-based Sunac will buy 5248 million shares at HK$12 each from Greentown Chairman Song Weiping, Chief Executive Officer Shou Bainian and shareholder Xia Yibo, Sunac said in a filing yesterday to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Telefonica Czech Republic AS declined the most in six months after its majority owner said it will buy out minority stakes for less than some investors expected.
 A “key risk” is that PPF will buy back enough shares to trigger a delisting of the company, according to Vera Sutedja, an analyst at Erste Group Bank AG in Vienna.
 The bank will buy Argentine bonds due in 2015, 2017 and 2033, Madrid-based Repsol said yesterday in a regulatory filing.
 “They sell chocolate and people will buy more” He didn’t give consumption numbers.
 TSB Chief Executive Officer Paul Pester said there was “strong appetite” for the offering and predicted individual investors will buy as much as 20 percent of the shares on sale.
 Centrica announced Qatar Petroleum International will buy 40 percent of its Canadian Natural Gas business for C$200 million ($184 million).
 Rosneft will buy “a significant” stake and Seadrill Ltd.
 The additional stations will buy 200,000 barrels a day from Marathon Petroleum’s refineries, guaranteeing a buyer for 75 percent of the company’s gasoline and diesel output.
 Dubai Islamic, the UAE’s biggest Shariah-compliant lender by assets, will buy a 25 percent stake in Indonesia’s PT Bank Panin Syariah Tbk, the Islamic banking arm of Bank Panin, it said yesterday.
 Canada’s third-biggest lender by assets also said it will buy back as many as 12 million shares over the next year.
 Centrica announced Qatar Petroleum International will buy40 percent of its Canadian Natural Gas business for C$200million ($184 million).
 Japan’s biggest trader will buy back as many as 40 million shares, or about 24 percent of its stock outstanding, from tomorrow, according to a statement today.
May 19 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai Islamic Bank will buy a 25 percent stake in Indonesia’s PT Bank Panin Syariah Tbk, the Islamic banking arm of PT Bank Panin, as part of the lender’s overseas expansion strategy.
 will buy 38 billion cubic meters of piped gas annually over 30 years from OAO Gazprom’s fields in eastern Siberia at a cost of about $400 billion in an agreement concluded May 21 after 10 years of talks.
 said yesterday it will buy Pinnacle Foods Inc.
 Gundlach, the chief executive officer of DoubleLine Capital LP, and Zell, chairman of landlord Equity Residential, predict fewer young people will buy homes, further driving down the US.
 The company said it will buy back $100 million worth of shares.
 jumped by the most since October 2011 after the nation’s biggest commodities trader said it will buy back as much as 60 billion yen ($589 million) of its stock.
 jumped 65 percent to 1,938 yen after saying it will buy back as many as 40 million shares, or about 24 percent of its stock outstanding.
 jumped 64 percent in Tokyo after the consumer-electronics retailer said it will buy back shares.
 Tencent said May 6 it will buy a stake in digital mapping provider NavInfo Co.
 The National Social Security Fund will buy HK$168 billion ($22 billion) of shares and China Life Insurance Co.
 The company said last month it will buy assets from parent Citic Group Corp, the country’s first state-owned investment corporation, ranging from financial services to energy and property.
 AIA Group Ltd, the second-largest Asia-based insurer by market value, will buy $300 million of shares, and a company controlled by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.
 ICBC said last month that it will buy all of GSD Holding AS’s 76% stake in Tekstilbank AS for $316 million, and make a tender offer for the remaining shares of the Istanbul-based lender.
 Bavaguthu Raghuram Shetty, an Indian-born entrepreneur, and entities linked to Saeed Bin Butti Al Qubaisi’s Abu Dhabi-based Centurion Investments will buy London-based Apax’s stake in the chain of retail currency exchanges, the London-based buyout firm said in an e-mailed statement today.
 Siemens AG climbed 21 percent as Europe’s biggest engineering company forecast an increase in productivity after saying it will buy some energy assets from Rolls Royce Holdings Plc and list its hearing-aid unit.
 Tencent will buy 368 million Class A and B ordinary shares in Chaoyang, China-based 58com at $20 each, according to a statement distributed through PR Newswire yesterday.
June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Marsh & McLennan Cos will buy a 34 percent stake in Alexander Forbes Ltd.
 Mercer Africa Ltd, a subsidiary of New York-based Marsh & McLennan, the biggest insurance broker by market value, will buy 149 percent of Alex Forbes at the time of the initial public offering and a further 191 percent after regulatory approvals, the Johannesburg-based company said today in an e-mailed statement.
 Rocky Mountain Power, a unit of PacifiCorp, will buy 320 megawatts under 20-year contracts, First Wind said today in a statement.
 While Gaffney considers many corporate bonds overvalued, she will buy them if she is getting paid for the risk.
 Federal Trade Commission in August 2010 and agreed not to give computer makers discounts or other inducements in exchange for promises they will buy chips exclusively from Intel.
 Institutional investors including Blackstone Group LP will buy 168 million Gecina shares for 92 euros each, Metrovacesa said in a statement on June 7.
 ECB President Mario Draghi told a press conference in Frankfurt the central bank will buy “simple and transparent” notes that are backed by non-financial private sector assets.
 Xander, APG Xander Group, with about $2 billion of equity capital in property assets, and a consortium led by Dutch pension fund asset manager APG announced a $300 million venture in May that will buy commercial assets across India’s main office markets.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- KKR & Co, the private-equity firm run by billionaires Henry Kravis and George Roberts, will buy a one-third stake in Acciona SA’s renewable-energy assets outside Spain for 417 million euros ($567 million).
 The South African Government Employee Pension Fund, the continent’s largest for retirement savings, said earlier this month it will buy a 40 percent equity stake in a concentrated photovoltaic project Soitec SA is building in the African country.
 will buy a stake in Pioneer’s audio-visual business, according to a statement to the Tokyo bourse yesterday, confirming an earlier Nikkei newspaper report.
 China Eastern will buy a mix of 737-800 and upgraded Max models, to be delivered starting in 2016, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai stock exchange yesterday.
 Federal Trade Commission in August 2010 and agreed not to give computer makers discounts or other inducements in exchange for promises they will buy chips exclusively from Intel.
 Tencent will buy a 199 percent stake, amounting to 368 million Class A and B ordinary shares in Chaoyang, China-based 58com at $20 each, the company said in a statement distributed through PR Newswire late on June 27.
 Institutional investors including Blackstone Group LP will buy 168 million Gecina shares for 92 euros each, a 10 percent discount to the Paris-based company’s net asset value, Metrovacesa said in a statement today.
 Norges Bank will acquire 9 percent of all Gecina shares, Credit Agricole Assurances will buy 47 percent, a jointly owned affiliate of Blackstone and Ivanhoe Cambridge Inc.
 will buy 69 percent and a Blackstone affiliate will purchase 15 percent, Metrovacesa said.
 Drillisch, a small carrier that doesn’t own a network, will buy 20 percent of the capacity of all mobile networks that will be controlled by Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG after the E-Plus deal over five years, Telefonica said today.
 will buy full control of a styrene plastics joint venture with BASF SE for 11 billion euros ($15 billion) in a bet it can extend a move into more-profitable products for the electronics and automotive industries.
 Under an agreement announced June 22, the government will buy as much as 20 percent of Alstom from Bouygues SA, allowing General Electric Co.
 Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc jumped 81 percent after saying it will buy back 1 billion pounds ($17 billion) of its own shares.
 Lukoil will buy a 375 percent interest, while New Age will increase its existing shareholding by 125 percent to 375 percent, according to a regulatory filing from BowLeven, which will retain the remaining 25 percent.
 GE will buy 100 percent of Alstom’s gas turbine business and related servicing operations.
 Separate Deal Depending on the IPO’s success, Merlin will buy 100 percent of the share capital of Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias SA, which owns commercial properties leased to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, Spain’s second-largest bank, according to the filing.
 will buy Protective Life Corp.
 France will buy its stake “at the market price with a standard discount, on condition that this price is higher or equal to the equivalent of a theoretical adjusted price of 35 euros per share,” the company said today.
 Under an agreement announced June 22, the French government will buy as much as 20 percent of Alstom from Bouygues SA, allowing General Electric Co.
 Carrefour will buy back Distribuidora Internacional de Alimentacion SA’s French business, it said last week.
 “It’s no longer an individual who decides whether they will buy themselves a house; the bank has the final say” Molinero took out a 35-year variable-rate mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of 80 percent at Euribor plus 259 with ING Bank.
 GE will buy 100 percent of Alstom’s gas turbine business and related servicing operations.
 As part of today’s agreement, Barnes & Noble will buy at least 1 million devices from Samsung within the first 12 months.
 climbed 36 percent after confirming reports that it will buy US-based Protective Life Corp.
 The insurer will buy US.
 Dai-ichi, Japan’s second-largest life insurer, will buy the company in the biggest foreign acquisition by a Japanese life insurer.
 and Kuok (Singapore) Ltd, controlled by the family of Malaysian billionaire Robert Kuok, will buy a combined $200 million of stock, according to yesterday’s filing.
June 2 (Bloomberg) -- Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA, controlled by billionaire Kjell Inge Roekke, will buy Marathon Oil Corp’s Norwegian business for $27 billion in a transformational deal that will boost output 14-fold and settle questions on funding.
June 28 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Carlos Slim will buy out AT&T Inc’s stake in America Movil SAB for $557 billion, propping up his Latin American mobile-phone company’s stock price as his longtime partner from the US.
 GE will buy 100 percent of Alstom’s gas turbine business and related servicing operations.
 As part of the deal, the French state will buy as much as 20 percent of Alstom.
 We’re losing money at the beginning but we’re betting that a huge number of people will buy the robots” Maisonnier declined to give a timeframe for the sales projection.
 Ventas also said it will buy 29 independent senior-housing communities in Canada from Lake Oswego, Oregon-based Holiday Retirement for C$980 million ($900 million) in cash.
 China Eastern, the nation’s third-largest airline, will buy a mix of 737-800 and upgraded Max models, to be delivered starting in 2016, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai stock exchange today.
June 3 (Bloomberg) -- RBI Solar Inc, a maker of structures for attaching solar panels, will buy Centrosolar Group AG’s German mounting company Renusol GmbH.
 Carrefour will buy back the stores for an enterprise value of 600 million euros ($816 million), the Boulogne Billancourt, France-based company said today in a statement.
 The company will buy the loans and later may have them securitized by a Wall Street bank, Carr said.
 Scotiabank will buy 51 percent of the financial-services unit and take over the entire loan portfolio, transferring an additional $12 billion to Cencosud, the companies said in separate filings to Chile’s securities regulator.
 De Persgroep will buy the publishing group for 155 pence a share, or about 196 million pounds ($334 million), according to a joint statement.
 Carrefour will buy back DIA’s French business for an enterprise value of 600 million euros ($816 million), less than three years after Carrefour spun off the retailer.
 The Topix surged 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid signs Japan is weathering the sales-tax increase and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic shares.
 “We will buy shopping centers and offices that have tenants in place,” Louis Schnetler, 50, who will take over as chief executive officer on Aug.
 will buy $26 billion of jet engines from a General Electric Co.
 Yaskawa, based in Kitakyushu, will buy through a US.
 Macquarie Infrastructure said it will buy the remaining stake for $910 million in cash and $115 million in stock.
 Russia’s largest oil producer will buy 61 land drilling crews and a fleet of workover rigs in Russia from Weatherford and six land-drilling rigs in Venezuela, according to Weatherford’s regulatory filing today.
 As part of the restructuring, Hyundai Group will buy the 1995 percent stake in Hyundai Elevator Co.
 sanctions against Russia “are also creating uncertainties” Schneider said today it will buy back about 6 million shares in the second half.
 Results aren’t as bad as initially expected” The Topix surged 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid signs Japan is weathering a consumption-levy increase from that month and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more local shares.
 unit will acquire the Mexican assets while Sao Paulo-based JBS will buy the Brazilian business, Tyson said today in a statement.
 As part of the deal, London-based Imperial Tobacco Group Plc will buy some brands from Reynolds and Lorillard in an effort to head off any antitrust concerns that the US.
 Olayan Financing Co, a unit of the Saudi group which is also the top shareholder in Credit Suisse Group AG, will buy a 51 percent stake in Gulf Union, the companies said today in a joint statement.
 Macquarie Infrastructure Co, which owns storage terminals for oil products and chemicals in the US, will buy the 50 percent of International-Matex Tank Terminals it doesn’t already own, it said in a statement yesterday.
 Macquarie Infrastructure said it will buy the remaining stake for $910 million in cash and $115 million in stock.
 Helvetia Holding AG said it will buy a majority stake in Nationale Suisse, valuing it at about 18 billion Swiss francs ($2 billion).
July 30 (Bloomberg) -- Traders are betting Danone will buy baby-formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.
 “I don’t think the market is overpriced, but investors just don’t have catalysts to buy further” The Topix rebounded 11 percent from a May 21 low on signs the economy is weathering an April sales-tax increase and amid optimism Japan’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic stocks.
 jumped 75 percent after the watchmaker said it will buy back about 125 billion yen ($123 million) in shares.
July 18 (Bloomberg) -- Suez Environnement, Europe’s second-biggest water utility, will buy the 24 percent stake in Barcelona water company Agbar that it doesn’t already own from La Caixa for stock and 299 million euros ($404 million) in cash.
 Ltd, a group of Indian state-run metal and mining companies, will buy the assets, the London-based producer said today in a statement.
July 10 (Bloomberg) -- GSO Capital Partners LP, the $66 billion credit unit of Blackstone Group LP, is seeking more than 200 million euros ($272 million) for a publicly traded fund that will buy European loans and help the firm create new investment pools.
 The Topix had rebounded 98 percent from a May 21 low on signs the economy is weathering an April sales-tax increase and amid optimism Japan’s 1266 trillion yen pension fund will buy more domestic stocks.
 of Japan will buy and operate three of the ships, according to the four people, who asked not to be identified because the order hasn’t been announced.
July 15 (Bloomberg) -- SMBC Aviation Capital Ltd, the Japanese plane lessor, said it will buy $118 billion of aircraft from Airbus Group NV in the largest single-aisle aircraft order ever placed by a leasing company amid a surge in Asian travel demand.
 Itochu will buy an HK$66 billion stake ($852 million) in Hong Kong-based unit CP Pokphand Co.
 European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said on June 5 the monetary authority will buy “simple and transparent” notes backed by non-financial private sector assets to boost lending.
 Vontobel said last month it will buy back a 125 percent stake owned by Swiss Raiffeisen amid legal wrangling related to a cooperation agreement.
 Schneider said today it will buy back about 6 million shares in the second half.
 The field, named after a whisky like others in the area, will be linked to the nearby Glenlivit find in which Total will buy 60 percent, the company said in a statement.
 BSkyB will buy the shares from another Murdoch company, 21st Century Fox Inc.
 will buy more gas-powered turbines in a single year than Europe in a decade, and that consolidation in the industry will benefit all players.
 Azul has already announced that it will buy 30 E195-E2 jets with an option to buy another 20.
 will buy 75 percent in its Pandora venture with Anglo American Platinum Ltd.
July 3 (Bloomberg) -- TPG Capital, the private investment company with $59 billion globally, will buy a stake in Hong Kong’s HS Group Ltd.
 A trip to Beverly Hills costs 4 game “dollars,” while 400 will buy a necklace.
 slumped 15 percent in Seoul after saying it will buy a stake in Mirae Asset Life Insurance.
 The brokerage said it will buy a stake in Mirae Asset Life Insurance for 3202 billion won ($310 million) from Mirae Asset Capital.
 Ferrovial rose 12 percent after the Spanish construction company posted first-half profit that exceeded projections and said it will buy back shares.
 “Investors will buy into Germany again because the German economy and companies are the most efficient and competitive within the euro zone.
 Topix The Topix surged 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy, signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase from that month and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more local shares.
 I don’t think that will change this week” The Topix has gained 09 percent this month after rising 51 percent in June on optimism that the economy is weathering an April sales-tax increase and Japan’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic stocks.
 A fourth state cash injection will buy time for Malaysian Air to improve its business by reducing its fleet size and headcount, according to Jerry Lee, an analyst in Kuala Lumpur at RHB Research, a unit of the nation’s fourth-largest lender, RHB Capital.
 It will buy all of the assets owned by parent Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group for 64 billion yuan ($103 billion).
 “ There are good and bad earnings, and shares are reacting accordingly” The Topix surged 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase from that month and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic shares.
 The lender said it will buy back and cancel 235 billion yen of preferred shares as part of a plan to repay a government bailout in 2003.
 Mylan said July 14 it will buy Abbott Laboratories’ generic-drug business and incorporate the new company in the Netherlands.
 OAO TMK jumped the most in more than two months after OAO Rusnano said it will buy a stake in the the world’s largest pipe producer by output.
 TMK climbed 41 percent to the highest since July 16 after Rusnano, a state-run nanotechnology venture capital company, said it will buy 6 percent of the company.
 “Japanese stocks are going strong on the back of strong appetite from domestic investors” The Topix has rebounded 13 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 added 32 percent after saying it will buy Wisconsin-based Waupaca Foundry Inc.
 That’s good for the market” The Topix rebounded 13 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 People have lost a lot of money and one is sympathetic” SARB will buy 7 billion rand of the bad bank’s 17 billion rand of loans and seek to recoup that money by collecting the debt.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- SMA Solar Technology, the biggest maker of inverters, will buy a unit of Phoenix Solar AG to expand in operating and servicing photovoltaic power plants.
 Aegon will buy a 51 percent stake in Banco Santander Totta SA’s insurance activities in Portugal, expanding a partnership with the Spanish bank that started last year, it said today.
 In the deal announced yesterday, it said it will buy out the companies that own the rest of the company -- McClatchy Co, Tribune Media Co, AH Belo Corp.
 Earnings Season The Topix climbed 13 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy, signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase and speculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more local shares.
 London Stock Exchange Group Plc said in June that it will buy that business for $27 billion.
 Philippine Long Distance will buy a 10 percent holding, consisting of new shares, for 333 million euros, Berlin-based Rocket said today in a statement.
 The company will buy hydroelectric and thermal plants in Panama and a wind plant in Costa Rica from Courbevoie, France-based GDF Suez, according to an e-mailed statement yesterday.
 SMBC Aviation last month said it will buy $118 billion of planes from Airbus Group NV in the largest single-aisle aircraft order ever placed by a leasing company, while Hong Kong Aviation ordered 70 Airbus planes worth $77 billion the same month.
 The Topix has climbed 12 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy, signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase and speculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 Duke’s renewables unit will buy the plant after construction is finished, according to the statement.
 The world’s largest dredging company said it will buy back as many as 10 million shares in the next 2 1/2 years.
 As part of the agreement with Samsung, Barnes & Noble will buy at least 1 million devices from the electronics giant within the first 12 months.
 Weissman said his program also differs from such websites as Realty Mogul and Fundrise in that those companies distribute pledges to property managers and developers, while CityShares will buy and manage buildings directly.
 Money is still flowing into equities” The Topix climbed 12 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 Under the terms of today’s deal, United Internet will buy newly issued shares by Berlin-based Rocket.
 14 (Bloomberg) -- Telstra Corp, Australia’s largest phone company, will buy back stock after posting annual profit that beat analyst estimates as it consolidated a drive to win customers in the country’s mobile market.
 The company will buy back as much as A$1 billion of stock, driving the shares up the most in a year.
 The five-year contemporary art rally has fueled a surge in online auctions and opened the doors for new companies that are betting consumers will buy works by Warhol and Banksy while lounging at home in their pajamas.
 The Topix rebounded 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 The company will buy back shares for about $1 billion in the next 12 months as Maersk’s capital structure is “almost too strong,” Chief Executive Officer Nils Smedegaard Andersen said in a Bloomberg Television interview.
 The Fairholme Partnership LP will buy another C$40 million.
 If the issuance fails to raise the full amount sought, Edco will buy non-convertible notes bearing interest at 12 percent to make up the shortfall, Imperial said yesterday in a statement.
 drugstore chain, plans to say it will buy all of Nottingham, UK-based Alliance Boots Holdings Ltd.
 In a second deal, Vine Oil & Gas LP and its partner Blackstone Group LP will buy Shell’s properties in the Haynesville area of Louisiana for $12 billion.
 Tyson will buy all outstanding Hillshire stock for $63 per share, valuing the deal at about $855 billion including Hillshire’s debt, the companies said in a July 2 statement.
 The Topix has climbed 13 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy, signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase from that month and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more local shares.
 The Topix climbed 12 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid optimism about the global economy, signs Japan is weathering a sales-tax increase and speculation the $12 trillion state pension fund will buy more local shares.
 Spar will buy 80 percent of closely held BWG Group for 800 million rand ($74 million), the Durban-based company said today in a statement.
 Fonterra, which plans to unveil a new global consumer brand next week, last month announced it will buy a stake in a Chinese infant formula maker as it seeks to tap the nation’s lucrative baby milk market.
 23 (Bloomberg) -- Bond investors have been too quick to bet the European Central Bank will buy sovereign debt, BlackRock Inc.
 “Indian consumers had been resisting buying gold in the last few months because prices were higher and now they will buy for festivals and weddings,” Bamalwa said on Sept.
 Retained ABS Draghi said earlier this month the Frankfurt-based centralbank will buy a broad portfolio of “simple and transparentsecurities” that will include ABS and covered bonds.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Hidili Industry International Development Ltd, the Chinese coal miner at risk of defaulting on its debt, will buy back only 60 percent of its dollar bonds because banks won’t lend money to purchase any more.
 will buy out the supermarket operator.
 The Topix has rebounded 17 percent from an April 14 low to gain 18 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 22 (Bloomberg) -- Gabor Varga, a 28-year-old software developer, has joined almost 100,000 Hungarians who will buy homes this year, lifting the market after it suffered one of the worst collapses in Europe.
 The Topix’s rebound since April was fueled partly by speculation GPIF will buy more domestic stocks after the equity measure slumped 76 percent in the first three months of the year.
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management agreed to lead a syndicate that will buy stakes from investors in 2002 and 2005 funds run by Crescent Capital Group LP, which separated from TCW in 2011, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.
 The Topix has rebounded 16 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 “We need new policy now and the expectations are somewhathigh,” said Mikey Hsia, a sales trader at Sunrise Brokers LLP“We need Abe to give us the next indication of what he wants todo here, such as his growth policies” The Topix has rebounded 18 percent from an April 14 low togain 27 percent this year amid optimism about the globaleconomy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government PensionInvestment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 The ECB, which unveiled its plan to purchase asset-backed securities last month, said it will buy “a broad portfolio of simple and transparent securities” and euro-denominated covered bonds.
 jumped 30 percent to $3615 in its biggest advance since February 2012 as Global Cash Access Holdings Inc, a provider of cash solutions to the gaming industry, said it will buy the company for about $12 billion to expand its access to casino floors.
 4 that it will buy up to $100 million of its own shares in the next 12 months, joins the growing list of Chinese technology companies that have been targeted by short sellers.
 The Topix rebounded 15 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 24 (Bloomberg) -- Airbus Group NV predicted airlines will buy planes worth $46 trillion at list prices over the next 20 years, with Chinese domestic travel surpassing the US.
 will buy the Berkeley, California-based maker of organic and natural foods for about $820 million,or $46 a share in cash.
 The company this month announced it will buy RadLink-Asia Pte, Singapore’s largest provider of outpatient diagnostic imaging, nuclear medicine and leading radiopharmaceuticals, for 3465 million ringgit ($106 million).
 will buy the San Jose, California-based company for $21 a share.
 A group ofbanks including Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bankof Commerce, which co-led PrairieSky’s IPO in May, will buyEncana’s remaining stake for C$3650 a share, 30 percent morethan the IPO price.
 “Foreign investors see a weaker yen as equalling higher stocks, so we’re seeing a spiral in which shares rise as the yen drops” The Topix rebounded 16 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 The Topix rebounded 19 percent from an April 14 low to gain 34 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 The Nordic country will buy 250 million in kroner ($39 million) a day in October, the Oslo-based central bank said today.
 “The amount that they will buy is even bigger than we expected,” said Kjersti Haugland, an analyst at DNB ASA, which estimates the amount announced today will be a “floor” for buying in the final two months.
 The Topix rebounded 18 percent from an April 14 low to gain23 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy andspeculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fundwill buy more domestic shares.
 The Topix rebounded 16 percent from an April 14 low to gain 12 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy and speculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 TheEuropean Central Bank unexpectedly cut its main rates last weekand said it will buy asset-backed securities as it tries to spurprice growth and ignite economic growth.
 Minera Los Pelambres, an affiliate of Antofagasta Plc, will buy about 70 percent of the power generated by the 104-megawatt Conejo project, which is being built in the Atacama Desert.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Keppel REIT, the second-biggest office property trust in Asia excluding Japan, will buy a stake in a Singapore office tower from Keppel Land Ltd.
 China Life will buy 10 billion yuan of shares, while gas supplier ENN Energy Holdings Ltd.
 The Topix rebounded 18 percent from an April 14 low to gain 23 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 will buy the operator of the Citistore retail chain from its parent for HK$9345 million ($121 million), according to a filing to the Hong Kong bourse.
 Chevrolet Sail GM plans to spend $12 billion through 2017 to increase capacity and expand its product line in China, which the company projects will buy 33 million to 35 million vehicles a year by 2020.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Fresnillo Plc, the world’s biggest producer of primary silver, will buy partner Newmont Mining Corp’s share in a venture in Mexico for $450 million to increase the company’s gold output.
 “There’s nervousness ahead of the Fed meeting” The Topix rebounded 16 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 ECB President Mario Draghi said last week the central bank will buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds, to funnel cash into an economy which stalled in the second quarter and where lending has been shrinking for more than two years.
 The targeted amount of the capital increase is guaranteedto be reached because Telefonica, which owns a 77 percent stake,will buy all the new shares to which it is entitled, and thebanks managing the offer agreed to purchase any shares notacquired, Telefonica Deutschland said.
 In the preliminary prospectus, the carrier had said it will buy a maximum of nine Airbus Group NV’s A320 aircraft and three A320 simulators.
 economy continues to improve, the Japanese economy will benefit given that Japan has a large number of exporters” The Topix rebounded 15 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 “We’re getting closer to an endto tapering and the raising of interest rates in the US, sothis yen weakening is set to continue” The Topix rebounded 15 percent from its April 14 lowthrough yesterday amid optimism about the global economy andspeculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fundwill buy more domestic shares.
 maker of oilfield equipment, sank after announcing it will buy back shares for the first time, spending as much as $3 billion from a growing cash pile.
 The central bank said it will buy 250 million in kroner a day ($39 million) in October.
 The Topix has rebounded 17 percent from an April 14 low to gain 22 percent this year amid optimism about the global economy and speculation the $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 ECB President Mario Draghi said it will buy assets for at least two years, starting covered-bonds purchases this month and asset-backed securities this quarter.
 15 (Bloomberg) -- Zimbabwe’s central bank is close to making key appointments to run a unit that will buy non-performing loans running as high as 90 percent at some lenders in the southern African country.
 KLA, which makes machines that check that stages in the production of computer chips have been completed correctly, is struggling to predict when customers will buy equipment, according to Patrick Ho, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
 South Korea has said it will buy 40 F-35A fighters made by Bethesda, Maryland-based Lockheed.
 ECB President Mario Draghi told reporters in Naples today that the central bank will buy assets for at least two years to boost inflation and economic growth in the 18-nation euro area.
 Relative Value The Topix has rebounded 13 percent from an April 14 low through amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the ECB will buy assets for at least two years to boost inflation and economic growth in the euro area.
 added 22 percent as the mobile carrier said it will buy Korean TV program distributor DramaFever Corp.
 The new company will buy management services from Charter Communications Inc, which has a debt ratio of 51 times Ebitda.
 The Topix has rebounded 14 percent from an April 14 low amid optimism about the global economy and speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 2, when Draghi said the ECB will buy assets for at least two years for as much as 1 trillion euros ($13 trillion).
 First Solar, a panel maker, will buy back a minority stake in the project, which it acquired last year from a group including a Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
 In the streaming deal, Lundin will get $648 million upfront from Franco-Nevada, which will buy 68 percent of gold and silver production at a discount from Candelaria up to a certain level, after which it will be entitled to 40 percent of the metals.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- Archroma, the Swiss chemicals maker owned by SK Capital Partners LP, will buy BASF SE’s textile operations as Chief Executive Officer Alexander Wessels looks to build a $3 Billion sales company from assets divested by the chemical industry’s incumbent players including Clariant AG.
 Though government-controlled Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will buy loans to borrowers with FICO credit scores as low as 620, the average score on mortgages they purchased is now about 740, well above the 660 level often considered subprime.
 The ECB will buy assets in some nations that have a debt rating below BBB minus, he said, adding that caveats will apply.
 The Mentor, Ohio-based provider of hospital sterilization products and services announced today that it will buy the smaller Synergy Health Plc and establish the combined company’s tax address to the UK, even as senior executives remain in the US.
 Carriers will buy 840 new freighter planes valued at $240 billion in the next 20 years on a revival in air-freight traffic, Boeing said in a statement distributed through PR Newswire.
 Nomura will buy back as many as 40 million shares, 1 percent of its outstanding stock, from Nov.
 Draghi said the central bank will buy assets for at least two years to boost inflation and economic growth in the euro area.
 Draghi said yesterday that he wants to be “as inclusive as possible, but with prudence” as he set out the caveat that the ECB will buy securities in countries with credit ratings below BBB- only if they are subject to bailout conditions.
 16 (Bloomberg) -- MVV Energie AG will buy a majority stake in renewable-power developer Juwi AG as the regional German utility expands in the clean-generation business.
 17 (Bloomberg) -- Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd, the country’s second-ranked carrier, will buy the remainder of Tiger Airways Holdings Ltd’s local unit for A$1 (88 cents).
 FourPoint Energy LLC and EnerVest Ltd, a private-equity firm with more than $9 billion in managed assets, will buy 145,000 acres in the Granite Wash and Cleveland plays of Texas and Oklahoma for $195 billion.
 To participate in the peripheral market on the view that it is a given, that the ECB will buy a bond from you if you buy it today, is a mistake” Quantitative easing expectations have built among investors amid speculation the ECB won’t be able to increase its balance sheet by 1 trillion euros ($127 trillion), a goal ECB President Mario Draghi indicated last month to be carried out with plans already announced.
 will buy out the additional 40 percent stake held by minority investors in Istanbul’s second-biggest airport for about 285 million euros ($361 million), the company said.
 The Mentor, Ohio-based provider of hospital sterilization products and services announced yesterday that it will buy the smaller Synergy Health Plc and establish the combined company’s tax address in the UK, with senior executives remaining in the US.
 China Taiping Insurance Group (HK) Co, the company’scontrolling shareholder, will buy its allotment of the rightsshares for HK$442 billion.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- AquaChile SA, the largest Chilean-owned salmon farmer, will buy a controlling interest in rival Invermar SA to take advantage of rising prices for the fish.
 Now it’s time to get on the field” Soros, Perry Knightsbridge’s Argentina Recovery hedge fund has raised about $100 million and will buy the country’s dollar-denominated bonds and American depositary receipts starting December and return investor money in three years, unless they choose to withdraw their assets before then.
 The Topix has rebounded 13 percent from an April 14 low amid speculation Japan’s $12 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will buy more domestic shares.
 As part of the agreement, Solar Power will buy 160 megawatts of photovoltaic capacity from affiliates of Guodian Technology’s GD Solar unit for 1575 billion yuan ($257 million), according to a statement today.
 announced today it will buy $11 billion of its shares after walking away from a deal to acquire AstraZeneca Plc earlier this year.
 “We don’t know what will happen to Vedomosti, who will buy it,” he said by phone.
 LLP, which oversees $142 billion, hired Simon Finn from Apollo to head a new unit that will buy distressed debt.
 Lee Partners LP, will be nominated to the board and MSG will buyback as much as $500 million in Class A shares.
 “The market is showing some real signs of recovery” Companies and wealthy entrepreneurs will buy 9,450 new jets over the next 10 years, Honeywell International Inc.
 Europe’s largest media house will buy the 251 percent family holding using cash, Bertelsmann said in a statement today.
 Though Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will buy loans from borrowers with credit scores as low as 620 on a scale of 850, the average score from the Fair Issac Corp.
 Massachusetts state also said it will buy subway trains from China CNR.
 state of Massachusetts also said it will buy 284 subway trains from China CNR, which submitted a bid of $5666 million.
 Norwegian Krone Norway’s krone fell versus most major peers as Finance Minister Siv Jensen said its strength won’t last after the central bank said it will buy back the currency for the first time as part of an effort to manage the nation’s oil revenue.
 The company will buy a power company in the year starting April 1, and will add 1,800 megawatts of capacity by March, Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury said in Mumbai after market hours yesterday.
 L’Oreal USA Inc, a unit of Paris-based L’Oreal SA, will buy the Carol’s Daughter business.
 that will buy an additional 15 planes for $7335 million, according to the company’s filing to Hong Kong’s stock exchange yesterday evening.
 Bank of China Cheung Kong, through unit Accipiter Holdings Ltd, will buy 18 planes from units of GE Capital Aviation Services Ltd.
 Accipiter will buy an additional three 737-800s from GE affiliates for $1012 million.
 Airlines globally will buy aircraft worth $44 trillion in the next two decades as more Indians and Chinese fly, Airbus said last year.
 Amadeus is coming to the market as Spanish government bonds rally, with yields on the 10-year note falling below 2 percent for the first time amid speculation the European Central Bank will buy sovereign debt to stimulate the region’s economy.
 that will buy an additional 15 planes for$7335 million, according to the company’s filing to Hong Kong’sstock exchange yesterday evening.
 Cheung Kong, through unit Accipiter Holdings Ltd, will buy18 planes from units of GE Capital Aviation Services Ltd.
 Accipiter will buy an additionalthree 737-800s from GE affiliates for $1012 million.
 said it will buy back shares valued at 219 trillion won ($2 billion) after its parent group announced the sale of stakes in chemicals and defense businesses in the chaebol’s biggest restructuring.
 Samsung Electronics, the world’s biggest mobile-phone maker, will buy back 165 million common shares and 250,000 preferred stock, according to a regulatory filing today.
 The Suwon, South Korea-based company, with a market value of 1769 trillion won, will buy stock from the market by Feb.
 said today that it will buy the Hovensa refinery on the island of St.
 business” Discovery will buy out its London-based partner and plans to fund the deal with a combination of internal resources and debt, the Johannesburg-based company said in a separate statement today.
 less competitive compared with their Japanese rivals, stoking speculation Korea and Taiwan will buy foreign currency to depress their exchange rates.
 GIC also will buy 528 billion pesos of equity-linked securities, which will boost its stake to 964 percent if they are converted to common shares.
 will buy the notes, which can be converted into common stock in Cheniere, the Houston-based company said in two separate statements today.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- GIC Pte, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, will buy a 49 percent stake in five malls in New Zealand from Scentre Group in a transaction valued at NZ$104 billion ($805 million).
 In the future, Chinese investors will buy high-end estates in Bordeaux, worth in excess of 40 million euros, said Li, the Christie’s broker.
 Golden Concord Holdings Ltd, the parent of GCL-Poly, and the investors will buy a combined 66 percent stake in Chaori Solar, or 168 billion shares, for 146 billion yuan ($240 million) under a restructuring proposal, GCL-Poly said today in a statement after its board approved the plan.
 “Demand for peripheral bonds remain underpinned” by speculation the ECB will buy government debt, said Mathias Van Der Jeugt, a fixed-income strategist at KBC Bank NV in Brussels.
 Discovery will buy out London-based partner Prudential Plc, the UK’s largest insurer by market value, and plans to fund the deal with a combination of internal resources and debt, the Johannesburg-based company said in a statement today.
 28 (Bloomberg) -- Enbridge Inc, Canada’s largest pipeline operator, will buy a majority stake in two US.
 The measure advanced 73 percent over the previous three trading sessions as the Bank of Japan expanded stimulus and the nation’s pension fund said it will buy more stocks.
 “To get the regulatory approvals and paperwork done in the timeframe you’re talking about you can’t afford to keep chop-and-changing what’s in and what’s out” Hulamin Ltd, South Africa’s biggest maker of aluminum products, said today it and a group of companies will buy the casthouse at BHP’s Bayside smelter in the northeastern port of Richards Bay for an undisclosed figure.
 “Officially the need is that we keep it for a rainy day when no bank in the world will give us money, and then only our brethren Jews will buy bonds.
 Following the completion of the offer, Citic and KKR will buy from S$50 million to S$150 million of shares in United Envirotech.
 of America Holdings will buy Covance Inc, four law firms were involved.
 “Some are returning cash to shareholders, some are saying the yields are very low, we’re going to have some use for it” Borrowing costs are falling as traders and investors speculate the European Central Bank will buy corporate bonds as part of its asset-purchase program to revive the region’s economy.
 “There’s a huge risk that consumers will buy what they would have bought anyway, just for less,” Bubb said.
 25-Year Contracts Brazil will buy a record 5 million metric tons of LNG this year as the worst drought in decades is reducing output from dams, according to estimates from London-based consultants Energy Aspects Ltd.
 rose in Johannesburg as South Africa’s biggest aluminum-product maker said it’s part of a group that will buy BHP Billiton Ltd’s casthouse at the Bayside smelter, which had been earmarked for closing.
 “The delay will boost spending, and the hope is that more individuals will buy property, which is often a person’s biggest-ever investment” Ebola Drug Fujifilm jumped 44 percent to 4,0075 yen as the company expects a trial of its Avigan drug in Guinea for Ebola treatment to be completed next month.
 Seino surged 13 percent to 1,056 yen after saying it will buy back as much as 3 percent of its shares.
 The purchases by Slim and OeIAG, which will buy almost 63 million of the new shares, will maintain the two main investors’ combined holding.
 Government Bonds Draghi said last week that more unconventional measures are being prepared in the event they’re needed, stoking expectations that the ECB will buy government bonds before long.
 7 and touched a six-year high after the Bank of Japan boosted stimulus and the nation’s pension fund said it will buy more shares.
 “Officially the need is that we keep it for a rainy day when no bank in the world will give us money, and then only our brethren Jews will buy bonds.
 18 (Bloomberg) -- Zoetis Inc, the animal health company activist investors are pressuring to boost shareholder returns, issued a 2015 financial forecast below analyst expectations after saying earlier today it will buy back $500 million in shares.
 16 amid speculation the ECB will buy assets as it seeks to boost consumer-price growth and prevent another recession in Europe’s 18-state currency bloc.
 The company will buy back 225 million zloty to 250 million zloty of shares as part of a 500-million zloty plan approved by shareholders in April.
 Insurers gained the most among the Topix’s 33 industry groups, led by Tokio Marine Holdings Inc, which jumped 41 percent after saying it will buy back shares and raising its profit outlook.
 3 (Bloomberg) -- MCG Capital Corp’s announcement that it will buy back shares and possibly liquidate its loans to smaller companies isn’t an indication of the market’s ills, according to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst Troy Ward.
 Allianz will buy 90 percent of the Nicetoile mall in the city of Nice, while Hammerson Plc will acquire the rest and manage the property, Paris-based Unibail said in a statement yesterday.
 Pfizer said yesterday it will buy the rights to a cancer treatment being developed by Merck KGaA, based in Darmstadt, Germany, for $850 million, with fees growing by $2 billion if the drug meets certain goals.
 The benchmark gauge rallied 25 percent last week, for its second consecutive weekly gain, as companies released results, and the Bank of Japan increased its stimulus while Japan’s public pension fund said it will buy more foreign stocks.
 said in June it will buy a controlling stake in Olam’s Australian grain unit, while the Tokyo-based trading house’s Sanyo Foods Co.
 Ten-year bond yields from France to Italy dropped today amid speculation the European Central Bank will buy sovereign debt to stimulate the euro-area economy.
 jumped 53 percent in Seoul after saying it will buy back shares valued at 219 trillion won ($2 billion).
 will buy back a combined 670 billion won ($616 million) of stock after their purchase of a Seoul property for three times the assessed price spurred a sell-off.
 Hyundai, South Korea’s largest automaker, will buy back 22 million common shares and 652,019 preferred shares, while affiliate Kia will buy back 405 million common shares, both at yesterday’s closing prices, according to separate regulatory filings by the companies today.
 The central bank will buy the notes as part of a plan to expand its balance sheet by as much as 1 trillion euros.
 BBVA, Spain’s second-biggest bank, will buy 149 percent of Turkiye Garanti Bankasi AS from sellers including billionaire Ferit Sahenk and his company Dogus Holding AS, the bank said yesterday.
 12 (Bloomberg) -- Xiaomi Corp, China’s largest smartphone vendor, will buy a stake in Youku Tudou Inc.
 He said the ECB will buy assets for at least two years and study further stimulus.
 31, when the Bank of Japan expanded stimulus and the nation’s pension fund said it will buy more shares.
 The company will buy back $300 million more in stock this year than originally planned, Chief Financial Officer Robert Hull said on the call.
 They probably will buy the rights to collect payments on another $750 billion of mortgages in the next two to three years as banks prepare for new regulations that will make it more costly to own the assets, said Douglas Harter, an analyst at Credit Suisse AG.
 will buy electricity to power a data center in the Netherlands from a 62-megawatt wind farm being built in the country by Eneco Holding NV.
 As part of the transaction, Coca-Cola will buy SABMiller’s Appletiser brands on a global basis and gain rights to another 19 non-alcoholic drinks in Africa and Latin America for about $260 million in cash.
 In China, Essilor will buy and partner with small retailers to increase sales beyond the cities of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, Sagnieres said on the sidelines of an advisory board meeting at the China Europe International Business School.
 Magellan Midstream Partners LP, which owns the other half of the joint venture, will buy Occidental’s stake in a 40-mile southern portion of the pipeline for $75 million in a related transaction announced today.
 The ECB will buy assets for at least two years to boost its balance sheet by as much as 1 trillion euros ($12 trillion), he said.
 The central bank will buy the securities as part of a plan to expand its balance sheet by as much as 1 trillion euros.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Japanese shares soared for a second day, with the Topix index closing at a six-year high, after the yen tumbled as the Bank of Japan boosted stimulus and the nation’s pension fund said it will buy more shares.
 Samsung Electronics, the world’s biggest maker of televisions and memory chips, will buy back 165 million common shares and 250,000 preferred stock for an estimated 22 trillion won, according to a regulatory filing yesterday.
 will buy it for about $76 per share.
 and San Shan Ltd, will buy the 75 percent three-year bonds at a conversion price of HK$103, Hong Kong-based United PV said today in a statement.
 Shiseido President Masahiko Uotani said the company will buy brands aggressively, and will also close 28 of its smaller brands.
 Vertellus Specialty Materials LLC will buy Dow’s business that makes sodium borohydride, a substance used in purification and the removal of color and odor from organic chemicals, Midland, Michigan-based Dow said today in a statement.
 will buy back Microsoft Corp’s stake in its struggling Nook business, which posted a loss that pulled down the US.
 9 (Bloomberg) -- Haitong Securities Co, China’s second-largest brokerage by market value, will buy the investment banking unit of Portugal’s Novo Banco SA for 379 million euros ($467 million) to expand outside its home market.
 The fund will buy out small investors and will delist the company on Dec.
 will seek to raise tens of billions of yen next year for its first fund, which will buy stakes in smaller private and listed Japanese firms, he said in a Dec.
 Niel’s NJJ Capital, a subsidiary of his private investment fund Kima Ventures, will buy the business from a group of funds advised by Apax Partners, according to a statement.
 said earlier this month it will buy the John Holland unit of Leighton Holdings Ltd, Australia’s biggest builder.
 19 said it will buy the Westin Beach Resort & Spa in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, for $149 million.
 Carlyle, through units, will buy GE’s 50 percent voting interest and 495 economic stake in Bowenvale Ltd, a joint venture with China’s government-backed Citic, according to the AsiaSat filing.
 The dividend announcement comes less than a month after the electronics maker said it will buy back 219 trillion won ($2 billion) of stock as the Lee family that controls Samsung Group restructures South Korea’s biggest conglomerate.
(Bloomberg) -- UltraTech Cement Ltd, controlled by Indian billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla, will buy two of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd’s cement plants at an enterprise value of 54 billion rupees ($853 million).
 Kimco will buy Blackstone’s two-thirds interest in the properties, which total 56 million square feet (520,200 square meters) and are in New York, Virginia, Texas, Florida, California and Maryland, the real estate investment trust said today in a statement.
(Bloomberg) -- Los Angeles will buy 7,000 body cameras for police officers to guard against misconduct and false allegations, Mayor Eric Garcetti said.
 “More than continued improvement in the US, it’s a case of Europe and other regions stumbling” The yen gained after the BOJ said in a statement it will buy at least 125 trillion yen of debt due in more than 10 years per month, up from a minimum target of 650 billion yen.
 and New Zealand’s sovereign wealth fund will buy retirement village operator RetireAustralia Ltd.
 The firm, which managed $723 billion at the end of September, said last week it will buy fund-of-hedge fund assets from Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments, after previous acquisitions of US.
 said it will buy back the company’s stake in its Nook business.
 Barnes & Noble said today it will buy back Microsoft’s stake in its struggling Nook business, which posted a loss that pulled down the US.
 A unit of the lender will buy the Citigroup business to expand services for wealthy individuals in the country.
 MEAG Munich Ergo Asset Management GmbH, which manages more than 50 billion euros ($62 billion) of covered bonds, will buy assets including government debt instead, said Philipp Waldstein, a board member.
(Bloomberg) -- Air China Ltd, the largest Chinese carrier, will buy a mix of 60 current 737s and the new Max model of the jet from Boeing Co.
 4 (Bloomberg) -- Hungary will buy GE Capital’s Budapest Bank, the country’s eighth-largest bank in terms of assets, in the latest move by Prime Minister Viktor Orban to boost domestic control over the financial industry.
 Sumitomo Mitsui will buy the operations for about 40 billion yen, people with knowledge of the matter said this month.
